China had voiced outrage over the leaking Tuesday of the Japanese report on Beijing 's alleged invasion plans .
Looters rampaged through a palace that had been used as a US base in Iraq 's third city of Mosul on Saturday , after troops apparently left at dawn , an AFP correspondent said .
Faultless kicking by Jean - Baptiste Elissalde inspired France to a 27 - 14 win over Australia at the Stade de France here on Saturday for only their second victory in the last eight meetings over the visitors .
His death aroused strong emotions in Tunisia , where flags were flying at half mast after the news was announced and radio stations played classical or religious music .
North and South Korea , the United States , China , Japan and Russia were to have held the fourth round of six - nation talks in September but negotiators from the Stalinist North failed to turn up .
A party man who traditionally shunned the spotlight , the 69-year - old had until Arafat 's health crisis been PLO secretary general since 1969 -- for 35 years Arafat 's number two .
" I remained at Arafat 's side for almost one hour and I asked God to relieve his suffering , " Tamimi said .
The military estimates that from 2,000 to 2,500 rebels were in the city when the assault started on Monday .
But thereafter , her play was nearly flawless , especially around the greens .
Hu will be treated Saturday to a feast of grilled Brazilian meats at Lula 's presidential retreat as Brazil hopes to give him a taste of the products it plans to export .
The declaration signed Wednesday sought Greece 's " support " for Macedonia " as a promoter of Euro - Atlantic integration in the region " .
" The European trio is not in a position to guarantee what the 35-nation board will do November 25 , " said the diplomat , who asked not to be named .
But as much as Kuwaitis loved Arafat and supported the Palestinian cause before the 1990 invasion , they hated him afterwards and often charged that his hands were stained with Kuwaiti blood .
Brigadier General Agustin Demaala , head of an anti - terror task force , said witnesses had identified the Abu Sayyaf member as having shot dead photojournalist Gene Boyd Lumawag in the southern Islamic militant stronghold of Jolo island on Friday .
The New York - based Human Rights Watch in its latest report accused Sri Lanka 's Tamil Tiger rebels of continuing to enlist boys and girls below the age of 18 years since the Oslo - brokered truce went into effect in February 2002 .
Earlier Wednesday , the euro made a brief foray above 1.30 dollars for the first time before retreating .
So far this year at least 74 Montagnards have been resettled , mostly to the United States .
Paterson insisted there would be no complacency against Japan , particularly with places in the XV to face Australia in a second match in Glasgow on November 20 up for grabs .
The United States will send Assistant Secretary of State William Burns to the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo on Friday , a State Department official said .
They said that after Thursday 's muted response to a surprise cut in interest rates by the Bank of Korea , investors jumped into the market on Wall Street 's lead , buoyed by sharp gains elsewhere in the region .
The Abu Sayyaf have attacked and kidnapped Christians and foreigners in the southern Philippines for over a decade .
The Zimbabwe government is to open more of its controversial youth training camps after the National Youth Service programme was made an official government department , a newspaper reported Saturday .
England go into the game expected to pile on the points against a Canada side thrashed 51 - 6 by Italy last weekend .
Zhang was ordered to come up with the money within 10 days .
Saraswati heads the 2,500-year - old Kanchipuram Temple and last year national leaders including Indian President Abdul Kalam attended celebrations marking the golden jubilee of Saraswati 's ascendency to the hallowed post .
Speculation that Delta would slide into bankruptcy this year has waned as the nation 's third - largest airline has engineered a series of transactions over the past month to buy itself more time to fulfill its restructuring plan .
An Azeri fishing vessel with a large haul of sturgeon has been sunk in Kazakhstan 's section of the Caspian Sea after a skirmish with a patrol boat , Kazakhstan 's emergencies agency said on Friday .
The central bank aims to keep the economic growth rate above five percent this year and in 2006 to create more jobs .
Earlier , Iraqi government officials pronounced the conclusion of a massive six - day - old US offensive on Fallujah .
The Mavericks activated guard Dan Dickau from the injured list to replace Finley , who could not return until a November 21 game at Denver .
We shall move the following advancers shortly : Niger - vote NIAMEY The president of the largely desert northwest African country of Niger , Mamadou Tandja , is widely expected to be re - elected when his country votes in an election on Tuesday .
Finance Minister Jusuf Anwar recently said the government was considering a reduction in fuel subsidies next year that would result in price increases .
" His promise to ' spend the capital of the United States on such a state ' should encourage leaders around the region who have despaired at US inaction on that front during Mr. Bush 's first term , " the Post said .
The EU Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices ( HICP ) also increased by 0.1 percent in October from September .
The local election committee said later that the count was rectified .
Iraqi security forces are massing in the northern capital of Mosul and will make a move " in the next day or so " to restore order , Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Saturday .
According to the state statistics office there were 258,000 marriages celebrated in 2003 as against 280,000 in 2000 , a drop of over 20,000 over the three year period .
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .
But just how good this new - look England side are will only become apparent in the next two weeks when they face tougher opposition in the Springboks and World Cup finalists Australia .
Well - know nobleman Karel Schwarzenberg , who was head of then - president Vaclav Havel 's presidential office shortly after the fall of communism in the early 1990s , was elected in the Prague 6 district .
Analysts said market reaction to the data was overdone , especially as US crude oil inventories increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million , about average for this point of the season .
Mauresmo , runner - up to Kim Clijsters in last year 's Championships , has a shot at regaining the top spot in the rankings from Davenport after becoming the first French player to reach the summit in September .
An ill - tempered match sparked several disciplinary problems for the Football Association ( FA ) with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger charged by the governing body after labelling striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a " cheat " .
India 's foreign minister said Saturday the Congress government was " looking forward " to a visit by Pakistani Foreign Minister Shaukat Aziz November 23 .
North Korea on Saturday denied it was insisting on direct talks with the United States to resolve a row over its nuclear weapons programme , and blamed what it deemed Washington 's " hostile " policy for an ongoing deadlock .
The conditions were horrendous that day and we used our kicking game very well .
Saudi Arabia 's grand mufti has denounced the practice of deceiving youths into travelling to Iraq to join a Jihad ( Holy War ) proclaimed against the US - led occupation , Okaz newspaper reported Thursday .
But after a flurry of last - minute diplomacy , the vote was delayed to give Mbeki a chance to try to ease the crisis .
" What will Sharon do now , after having walled in the living proof of his thesis " that Arafat was an " obstacle to peace " , Israel 's Maariv daily asked Wednesday , referring to the last three years of Arafat 's life in Ramallah .
" The minister was in very good spirits , in a very good mood , and he asked to be released early , " the spokesman for Santo Antonio hospital in second - city Oporto , Eurico Castro Alves , told national news agency Lusa .
Already in October 1969 , Arafat was sent a letter bomb which he blamed on the Israeli secret service .
On the third full day of the biggest military offensive since last year 's war , US and Iraqi forces discovered three Iraqi hostages in the basement of houses in Fallujah , handcuffed and starving .
Top world news stories for Thursday at 0915 GMT : Mideast - Arafat RAMALLAH , West Bank : Veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the speand intermittent bursts of gunfire rang out as the Gaza Strip marked the death of Yasser Arafat .
A night - time curfew has been imposed on the Iraqi Shiite holy city of Najaf , the latest town to face restrictions under a state of emergency declared on the eve of the US - led offensive on Fallujah .
Schilling , 37 , has never won the award and was second in voting for the third time , matching the runner - up record shared by Randy Johnson and Warren Spahn .
" Mijailo Mijailovic does not have the energy to answer questions , he is in a poor psychological state today , " Nilsson said .
The Bosnian Serbs ' formal apology for the massacre of some 8,000 Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 will mean nothing without the arrest of the perpetrators , analysts said Thursday .
North Korea has ruled out another round of six - nation talks on its nuclear program before the end of the year , Japan 's top government spokesman said on Thursday .
" This morning , he experienced shortness of breath " and checked himself into the hospital " on the recommendation of his doctors , " spokesman Ken Lisaius told AFP .
The airline spent 1.3 billion euros on fuel in the January - September period , 30 percent more than in the corresponding period a year earlier .
" People are looking at the third quarter figures today with merger speculation fading into the background , " a dealer from a leading Portuguese bank said , adding that the results should lead to an upward revision to full - year forecasts .
Total outstanding deposits in both yuan and foreign currency at the end of October rose 15.3 percent year - on - year or 24.96 trillion yuan .
" It has started now and it will go ahead till two o'clock ( pm ) today UK and local time , " a Foreign Office spokeswoman told AFP .
Arsenal substitute Robert Pires scored a fifth , but the Gunners endured a nervous last few minutes after Frederic Kanoute made it 5 - 4 with two minutes left .
Lee will meet Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej late Thursday before flying home early Friday , leaving behind his defence minister to sign an agreement on closer military cooperation between the two countries .
A New Zealand wine company it to launch a new wine labelled Pansy targeted at Australia 's gay community , the company said Thursday .
Symbolically , a hotel in Taba was in October this year the target of a fatal bombing targetting Israeli tourists .
Japan 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) data for the July - September quarter due out Friday is expected to show the world 's second - largest economy grew for the sixth straight quarter despite a decline in exports , according to economists .
" All of those injured were evacuated to the appropriate medical facilities for treatment , " it said in a statement released overnight .
Sixty - four people were killed and " more than 1,000 " wounded in several days of anti - French mob violence that swept through the main Ivory Coast city Abidjan , an adviser to the president said Wednesday .
Twice Palace pegged them back after they took the lead but Liverpool kept plugging away and sealed a last minute winner through Baros .
Three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli incursion in Gaza City on Thursday , while another was shot dead in the West Bank , Palestinian medical sources and witnesses said .
Pictures Iraq - US - Fallujah FALLUJAH , Iraq A top US commander expects the battle against rebels in Fallujah to rage on even after troops finish their week - long war to reclaim the city from insurgents .
" The market was undergoing consolidation after yesterday 's run - up and the negative factors with oil prices and ( PLO leader Yasser ) Arafat 's death in focus , have dragged down the market , " said Jackson Wong , investment manager at Tanrich Securities .
But the party 's announcement risked being undermined after two bombs exploded early Saturday morning in a military mountain refuge in the Pyrenees in northern Spain where ETA leaflets were later found .
As the murky hub of resistance crumbled , Iraqi troops on Wednesday said they found homes that had been used as slaughter houses for kidnapped foreigners along with lists of names .
China 's Zhang said Sino - Vanuatu diplomatic ties had existed for 22 years and Beijing looked forward to continued cooperation , hinting that it too had its chequebook at the ready .
The divided country , once a post - colonial success story ihe ships on their way from Toulon in southern France , crewed by some 400 men , are expected to be in the waters off Ivory Coast by November 20 .
" The problem is when you play one month with muscle problems and then go with the national team and lose 10 days , you have problems when you come back . "
In what appeared to be a coordinated attack a day after a curfew was imposed on the restive city , gunmen pulled up in front police stations in various parts of the the city , forcing policemen to leave the buildings .
The first two aircraft took off shortly after midday from Abijdan 's airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .
Yasser Arafat , the ultimate symbol of Palestinian nationalism , died early Thursday in a French hospital at the age of 75 .
Gilson was fortunate to emerge alive and relatively sound in health -- although he nearly died the following year , a victim of the Spanish influenza epidemic .
Netherlands - attacks - siege THE HAGUE : A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , ANP news agency rerported .
Nothing has been heard since of the 59-year - old , who is married to an Iraqi and holds dual Iraqi citizenship .
Blair was to arrive at the White House on Thursday night and the two leaders are to hold a press conference Friday at 1630 GMT .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday , on the eve of his departure for Washington for talks with Bush , that solving the conflict must be a priority .
Two rescue ships and two helicopters searched the area but had found nothing Saturday .
At least three people were killed and many injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials and radio reports said .
The policeman said residents had set up camp outside their homes for fear of more aftershocks while tents had been pitched outside the island 's main hospital in the town of Kalabahi to treat victims .
Australian police are investigating a blaze at a Turkish school in Melbourne which a Jewish group Thursday condemned as " racial violence . "
600 words Mideast - Arafat - siege JERUSALEM When late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 for treatment in Paris , it was the first time Israel had allowed him out of the West Bank in nearly three years .
Pingdingshan , a central coal mining area in China , is adjacent to Xinmi coal mining district where 148 miners lost their lives late last month in one of the worst Chinese mining accidents in recent memory .
Prime Minister Tony Blair headed to Washington Thursday for talks with President George W. Bush expected to focus on the future of Middle East peace following the death of Yasser Arafat .
" We have to re - think what we 're doing and that always means a re - thinking of personnel , " Jones said after Saturday 's game in Paris .
He met with Ivorian President Laurent Gbabgo during his trip and afterwards praised the leader 's " commitment " to carry out peace accords signed last year .
Arsenal midfielder Robert Pires restored the Gunners ' two - goal cushion with just nine minutes remaining and Kanoute scored Spurs final goal in the dying minutes of the match .
It was as he tried to mediate between Arafat and Jordan 's King Hussein following the 1970 Black September conflict that a sick and overworked Nasser died of a heart attack .
They completed their comeback in the 100th minute with Ricksen sprinting some 60 yards from the edge of his own box after a one - two with Namouchi .
The Israeli army has lifted travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , an army spokewoman said Saturday , although restrictions remained on the towns of Nablus and Jenin .
The radical Islamist movement Hamas offered its condolences Thursday after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who has died in a hospital near Paris , a statement sent to AFP said .
A window of the mosque , in the eastern town of Beringen , was shattered and its frame damaged in the attack in the early hours , mosque officials were quoted as saying .
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Portugal late Wednesday for a brief visit while on a stopover on a trip to Latin America where he is scheduled to meet with newly reelected US President George W Bush .
The retail sector got a boost after leading retailer Coles Myer reported a sharp gain in in first - quarter sales , while takeover speculation boosted financial services group AMP , despite the apparent absence so far of a would - be buyer .
President Jose Eduardo dos Santos said late Thursday that Angola 's first post - war presidential election should be held a year after parliamentary poctions to be held next year .
Britain 's Prime Minister Tony Blair , ahead of talks in Washington on Friday , said the Middle East peace process should now be the " highest priority " for the international community .
After the announcement of Arafat 's death , opposition Labor foreign affairs spokesman Kevin Rudd described him as " a passionate , controversial leader of the Palestinian people .
It looked like the match was heading for a draw before Wigley made an inspirational substitution in the 68th minute , replacing James Beattie with Kevin Phillips .
He will be buried there in the afternoon .
Economists and traders universally expected the latest move , after a government report soothed economic concerns , showing a seven - month record of 337,000 extra jobs were created in October .
Raffarin said in an interview to be published Sunday growth this year would be markedly higher than the budget forecast of 1.7 percent .
The chairman of the African Union , President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , has invited Ivory Coast 's Laurent Gbagbo and six African leaders for a summit on the Ivorian crisis , his spokeswoman said Thursday .
The submarine was detected early Wednesday in Japanese waters near islands disputed with China about 300 kilometers ( 180 miles ) southwest of Okinawa .
Egypt was preparing Thursday to host a military funeral for the late Yasser Arafat in what will be the veteran Palestinian leader 's last return to his country of birth before being buried in his Ramallah compound .
Meanwhile Smith Barney equity strategist Tobias Levkovich raised his year - end target for the broad - market Standard and Poor 's 500 index to 1,075 from 1.025 , saying he was " recognizing reality " after the strong post - election rally .
Vanunu is suspected of having communicated " secret information to foreigners " and of having violated the restrictions imposed on him by Israeli security services after his release from prison , police said Thursday .
But that deadline has been all but scuppered after four years of deadly violence .
The accident happened before dawn near the town of Padre Burgos southeast of Manila and involved a Philippine National Railways train bound for the capital , the civil defense office said .
US pharmaceuticals giant Pfizer said Thursday it was investigating its operations in Croatia after a former employee claimed it had improperly paid doctors to secure drug orders .
ICoast - unrest ABIDJAN : Hundreds of frightened Europeans were still fleeing troubled Ivory Coast as an uneasy calm returned to the west African country a week after angry mobs went on a rampage targeting foreigners .
Several hundred people rallied in the town on Wednesday to protest against the US - led assault on the rebel city of Fallujah , which is also majority Sunni .
( AFP ) French tap water ads make a splash PARIS : An ad campaign launched here this week aims to persuade French households to switch back to tap water rather than fork out for the bottled variety .
" Having spent a decade building a relationship with Washington , he proved incapable of using it when he needed it most . "
Arafat , who passed away early Thursday , hired her to do public relations for the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) when he was exiled in Tunis .
The teams , who were both promoted last season , had never met before in Serie A and the last time two Sicilian clubs played each other in the top flight was back in 1965 .
Bremen had the title under lock and key before that match but their fans were still unhappy about the Bayer mauling .
The assault on Fallujah had been flagged for weeks in advance , with regular bombing of so - called rebel safe houses .
700 words moved by Jennie Matthew Mideast - Arafat - Arabs - reax , lead CAIRO The Arab world urges the Palestinians to stand united after the loss of their historic leader Yasser Arafat and declares official periods of mourning , as praise starts to flow in .
The minister said that Croatia had to make payments next year on a tranche of its external debt , which stands at 12.3 billion kunas .
Tottenham 's slick passing was regularly unpicking the Arsenal midfield and defence and on 37 minutes the hosts duly got their reward .
" That was close ... close , " one of the pilots said , according to a recorded radio exchange presented at a hearing in Washington on Tuesday .
The United Nations on Wednesday announced it would evacuate non - essential staff from Ivory Coast , where violence and riots have been escalating over the past few days .
" We have not called an extraordinary meeting of foreign ministers in Cairo on Thursday , " said Bart Jochems , spokesman for Dutch Foreign Minister Ben Bot .
It was in Algiers in November 1988 that Arafat proclaimed the creation of a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital .
France gave a ceremonious farewell to Yasser Arafat Thursday as the Palestinian leader 's body was taken from the Paris hospital where he died for a flight to Cairo and ultimately burial at his West Bank headquarters .
Finnish GDP expanded by two percent last year and by 2.3 percent in 2002 , placing the Nordic country among the best performing economies in the 12-member eurozone .
Oil prices steadied Friday after sharp falls the day before caused by easing worries over possible shortages of US heating oil stockpiles with winter fast approaching in the northern hemisphere .
Before his swearing in as Indonesia 's first elected president last month , Yudhoyono called for a comprehensive solution to Aceh 's problems , not just a military one .
Starting from the 10th hole , Clarke sank a sizzling 15-foot birdie putt , and then hit his second shot into a bunker on the following par - five hole .
He said the military was on course to retake the city by Saturday morning .
" I wanted to meet you on this occasion and exchange views on the six - way talks , " Yabunaka told Kim in footage shown by public broadcaster NHK at the outset of their meeting Thursday . "
Iraq - US - Fallujah - aid BAGHDAD : US troops were preventing a Red Crescent convoy of emergency aid from reaching helpless residents inside Fallujah after allowing it as far as the main hospital , a spokeswoman said .
A minute before the break the Inverness side almost drew level when they were awarded a free - kick following a foul on Spanish playmaker Juanjo .
The soon to be 38-year - old Sunderland , who has been riding for the Alessio team for the past couple of seasons , has hardly had time to enjoy being off the saddle before deciding to accept an earlier offer from Riis .
The Bosnian Serb government accepted last month an internal report by a special investigative commission acknowledging that almost 8,000 Muslims were killed in the massacre , in the final stages of Bosnia 's 1992 - 95 war .
Otegi insisted Friday that " peace is closer " and " ETA is totally ready for the arms to fall silent " .
Bashir 's lawyers had asked that the 66-year - old alleged leader of the Al - Qaeda - linked Jemaah Islamiyah group be allowed to celebrate the prominent Islamic festival with his family outside his prison cell .
Frank Lampard 's first half free - kick had given Chelsea the lead before William Gallas and substitute Tiago sealed the points after Robben 's effort .
After that I played very well , I made five birdies on the back nine , so I 'm happy with the way I played . "
On Wednesday , the military said Fallujah , which became a symbol of the insurgency against US troops and Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's government , would be under control within 48 hours .
Speaking on Monday , the same day that the massive offensive was launched on the Sunni Muslim stronghold of Fallujah , Iraq 's Defence Minister Hazem Shaalan vowed to cleanse the predominantly Sunni Arab city of Mosul of Arab fighters .
" That 's what we call corruption ... It starts even at this level of society , " said Hun Sen , who in September told donors to the aid - dependent kingdom that he would fight a war against corruption running rampant across the country .
On Thursday , the man 's body was still lying in an alley in a black pool of gasoline with a hand reaching out into the air .
Only gunmen roamed the city 's deserted streets , after a curfew was declared on Wednesday .
The day of my freedom will come when the Palestinian people are freed from the occupation . "
Under the terms of the Palestinian mini - constitution , or basic law , parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh will immediately take over from Arafat for the interim 60 day period .
Sara Jones , the widow of a hero of Britain 's 1982 campaign against Argentina over the Falkland Islands , read the words : " At the going down of the sun and in the morning we will remember them . "
That contrasted with optimistic forecasts by others earlier in the week that the city would be taken by Saturday .
It was the fourth rate rise since June 30 , when Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and his colleagues edged up the key rate from a 1958 low of 1.0 percent .
Mbeki is expected to meet with leaders Thursday evening , after which he would hand over to Dlamini - Zuma to allow him to attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo on Friday .
Palace somehow managed to conjure up unlikely equalisers to provide ample evidence for the growing body of opinion that believes Iain Dowie may yet complete a remarkable task in keeping his club in the Premiership this season .
It was the third time the ruling socialists lost this year -- going down to major defeats in the first round of regional elections last week , and in European polls in June .
But after a flurry of last - minute diplomacy , the vote was delayed to give South African President Thabo Mbeki , who is heading an African Union effort to ease the crisis , more time to hammer out a deal .
The Midlanders remain perched perilously above the relegation zone just seven days after the elation of their unexpected victory away to Everton 's cross - town and more illustrous rivals Liverpool .
Museum expert said Palaeoloxdon once roamed large parts of what is now China in the late Pleistocene Epoch ( 1.64 million-10,000 years ago ) .
Late Thursday , a French government plane carrying his body arrived in Cairo , the city where the veteran leader was born , where it was welcomed by a full military guard after a roughly four - hour flight .
His comments came after the euro reached a new all - time high against the dollar , climbing above the 1.30-dollar level for the first time on Wednesday .
The government said the rise in consumer spending came as the Athens Olympics in August boosted sales of plasma televisions and DVD recorders while a scorching hot summer increased demand for air conditioners .
Kuwaiti Energy Minister Sheikh Ahmed al - Fahd al - Sabah is to represent his country at Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , the state news agency KUNA reported .
Passenger car sales in China fell month - on - month from April to June but picked up slightly over the summer .
Barnier last saw Arafat on June 30 , when he visited the Palestinian Authority president 's headquarters in Ramallah on the West Bank .
The United States on Thursday urged Palestinians to look beyond the death of their leader Yasser Arafat and seek peace with Israel , promising help to achieve an independent state .
The paper said it took rescue workers several hours before they could recover the trapped bodies of the victims .
She will meet Hong Kong 's Wang Chen in the final after Wang defeated Denmark 's Tine Rasmussen 11 - 9 , 11 - 5 .
Immigrants began arriving in the early 20th century and a popular Chilean saying states that " there is n't a village in Chile that does n't have a priest , a policeman and a Palestinian . "
Britain 's Prince Harry , who cemented his playboy reputation last month after a scuffle with a photographer outside a nightclub , will endure a tough regime of curfews and no alcohol when he enters the army in January , officers said Thursday .
Crouching in mosques , die - hard rebels traded fire with US troops Wednesday in the heart of Fallujah as the military claimed it controlled 70 percent of the Iraqi city on the second full day of battle .
War - weary residents in Indian Kashmir cast aside fears of separatist rebel violence Saturday to crowd markets and stock up for Eid al - Fitr , the biggest festival on the Islamic calendar .
Watford , the only non - Premiership side left in the last eight , are at home to Portsmouth having dumped Southampton , the south coast 's other top - flight club , out of the competition with an emphatic 5 - 2 win Tuesday .
Diplomats said the decision not impose immediate sanctions but wait until December would allow time for African Union mediators , led by South African President Thabo Mbeki , to try to bring the two sides together .
Blair left London on Thursday afternoon , and will hold talks with Bush in the White House the following day , the first foreign leader to meet the re - elected president .
Nearly 2,500 Westerners have already left since Abidjan airport was reopened on Thursday .
The shooting came amid media reports Friday that an independent commission investigating the deaths of 87 Muslims protesters in the south last month had accused some security force members of firing directly into the crowd .
The 68-year - old prime minister is not scheduled to appear in court on Friday as prosecutor Ilda Boccassini , a lawyer who cut her teeth in Mafia corruption cases , begins her summing up .
On the third full day of the battle for Fallujah , US marines said they discovered three Iraqi hostages in the basement of houses , handcuffed and starving .
Asked on Thursday about this replacement , the UNMEE spokeswoman said : " We have just been told that Colonel Zecarias Ogbagaber will replace General Abrahaley Kifle , and at the moment we have n't read anything more into that . "
Siemens , the German engineering and electronics giant , said Thursday it expected sales to grow by single - digit percentage this year , but was remaining cautious in view of a number of uncertainty factors .
The ceremony coincided with Armistice Day when , at the 11th hour on the 11th day of the 11th month , those who laid down their lives in World War I were remembered .
Amelie Mauresmo bidding to capture the year - end number one ranking at the season - ending WTA Tour Championships , opened her campaign on Thursday with a 6 - 1 , 6 - 0 rout of Russian Vera Zvonareva .
The daily El Pais , citing police sources , reported last month that the group was helping finance the Al - Qaeda terror network through money transfers to Pakistan .
Santander 's new shares will be quoted on the Madrid stock market from next Tuesday while SCH is set to seek a secondary listing in London .
" The committee believes that , even after this action , the stance of monetary policy remains accommodative and , coupled with robust underlying growth in productivity , is providing ongoing support to economic activity , " the committee said in a statement .
The 19-year - old star , who is two years younger than the legal alcohol drinking age in this state , was arrested a week ago in Salisbury , Maryland , on drunk driving charges .
" The index was lifted by some of the blue chip stocks although there is a bit of profit - taking ahead of the long weekend , " said a dealer at a local brokerage .
British forces have begun the evacuation of its nationals from troubled Ivory Coast , the Foreign Office said on Friday .
We shall move the following graphics : PHILIPPINES TRAIN Map of the Philippines locating a train derailment Friday which left at least 10 people dead and almost one hundred injured .
Police sergeant Koyrudin Moroh , 32 , was shot three times Saturday by motorcycle gunmen after taking his wife to work in the southern province of Pattani .
" I think it will take a long time , maybe three or four competitions , until we get people in and I think it 's going to take a great deal of patience .
The commission was supposed to have taken office on November 1 .
Fisher and Paykel Healthcare rose four cents to 3.11 dollars , continuing to recover ground lost after its interim results .
On 35 minutes Bayern got the breakthrough they deserved with England international Hargreaves unleashing a fantastic strike from 25 yards that nestled into the bottom corner of the net .
In the third quarter alone , the bank booked net profit of 129 million euros , compared with a year - earlier loss of 25 million euros .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could mark a " historic turning point " for the Middle East .
David Beckham is expected to return to action for Real Madrid against Albacete on Sunday after a six week absence due to broken ribs .
It was to be loaded on a French airforce Airbus plane for the trip to Cairo after a 40-minute ceremony of hymns and funerary dirges on the tarmac .
Fuentes later said that coaches had been pried open by firefighters who joined the rescue .
I will not sit back after 20 years and think that I did n't try my best . "
The scandal erupted in May when police charged Jaroslav Hastik , the sporting director of FC Synot , with trying to corrupt match officials .
" When ( Soumayah ) told her it was wrong of her to fire him , Minnelli became violent and accused ( Soumayah ) of betraying her , " the suit claimed .
On Thursday , that was pushed back to Saturday .
" The application is incompetent and can not be maintained by law and accordingly struck out , " presiding judge Joseph Oyewole said in his ruling on Wednesday .
The jailbreak came after the west African nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .
They said financials , which have strengthened for several weeks on speculation of major mergers in the industry , could well be vulnerable to profit - taking .
Batasuna , the banned political mouthpiece of armed Basque separatist group ETA , was expected to appeal Sunday for an end to a violent conflict that has left more than 800 people dead over the past four decades .
In a seperate interview with German magazine Kicker Elber raised the prospect of a return to Germany after his contract with Lyon expires at the end of the season .
With international aid agencies warning about the plight of civilians trapped in the city an Iraqi Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Saturday but only got as far the US - occupied hospital .
The US military said 18 American servicemen and five Iraqi soldiers had already died , and 69 US and 34 Iraqi troops have been wounded , since the battle for the rebel enclave was launched on Monday .
The last named pair are suffering knee injuries which will keep them sidelined until January .
Nordic leaders on Thursday hailed Palestinian president Yasser Arafat as a historic leader and expressed hope that Israel would agree to negotiate with his successor to achieve peace in the Middle East .
" The apology was a shy , unconvincing one , " political analyst Emir Habul told AFP after the Bosnian Serb authorities ended years of denials and published an apology Wednesday .
" Well we are two years into it , I think for another one to three more years we will be involved in helping Iraqis to build their own capability , " he added .
Iraq 's interim government has vowed to retake rebel - held cities to enable national elections to go ahead in January .
The administration has since thrown its weight behind a proposal by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to unilaterally withdraw from 21 settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank .
Hong Kong share prices opened 0.11 percent lower Thursday with the overnight hike in US interest rates prompting investors to take a cautious stance , dealers said .
" The convoy entered Fallujah , just now , it happened five minutes ago , " Ferl guardsmen .
BEIJING : CHINA DAILY " World remembers Arafat as iconic figures " China and the rest of the world expressed condolences over Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's death yesterday .
Opposition Labour party leader Shimon Peres , who was jointly awarded the Nobel peace prize with Arafat in 1994 , criticised Arafat for continuing on the path of " terrorism " after signing the Oslo peace accords .
Washington asserts that North Korea may already have as many as eight nuclear bombs while it accuses Iran of covertly seeking ways to produce the weapon .
The French minister for science , Francois d'Aubert , is in turn due in Japan next week .
They said the plane had left for Spain 's Canary Islands in the early evening where it would refuel before heading for Madrid overnight .
On the first day of the Supreme Court trial on Wednesday , Mijailovic 's lawyer Mikael Nilsson reiterated his client 's claim that the attack on Lindh was not premeditated and that he had not stalked her .
NKorea - nuclear - China ) Bi - weekly foreign ministry briefing at 0645 GMT Moving an analysis on mounting pressure for China , expected to exceed the US as the biggest polluter in the world by 2020 , to do more to reduce global warming ( UN - climate - Kyoto - China ) .
Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei said a presidential election would go ahead before January 9 as prescribed by Palestinian basic law , and called for a global effort to help jumpstart the stalled Middle East peace process .
Russian President Vladimir Putin will pay a two - day visit Friday to Ukraine , just over a week before the former Soviet republic 's presidential elections , the Kremlin said in a statement .
The weekly paper said Foreign Secretary Jack Straw confirmed this past week that London was " informed " of the alleged plot " in late January 2004 , " ahead of the March 7 arrest of the mercenaries in Zimbabwe .
In Istanbul , a Turkish Islamist human rights group said it was sending a truckload of baby food the besieged Sunni city west of Baghdad within 48 hours if their assault continues on course .
Beerbaum 's horse Goldfever tested positive for Betamethasone , which is on the International Equestrian Federation 's banned list II on August 24 , while Hoy 's horse failed a test on August 18 .
Massive civilian displacement began in Darfur soon after fighting broke out in February 2003 between rebels and government forces and allied militia called Janjaweed .
Peres said he would not go to the West Bank town of Ramallah for Arafat 's burial , as " ties with Arafat had been cut off for two years " and for security reasons .
Thousands of people took to the streets of Berlin , Geneva , Paris and Rome Saturday to protest against Israel 's construction of a separation barrier and the situation of Palestinians on the occasion of Jerusalem Day .
Bosnian Croat war crimes indictee Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .
At least five people were killed and 20 wounded by a car bomb near a police checkpoint in a busy commercial and residential area in eastern Baghdad late Wednesday , police said .
Australian canned fruit group SPC Ardmona Ltd. accepted a takeover bid from soft drink bottler Coca - Cola Amatil ( CCA ) Friday valuing the company at 500 million dollars ( 380 million US ) .
Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul will meet EU and Dutch ministers this month ahead of an EU summit that will decide whether to open membership talks with Ankara , the foreign ministry here said .
" The tragic Romanian episode of the Shoah has been ignored for too long , both under the Communist regime and afterwards , " the president said . "
It plans to boost the figure to 820 whales next year .
The statement also comes after Washington recognised Macedonia by its constitutional name , the Republic of Macedonia , infuriating Greece .
China 's money supply in October grew 13.5 percent , well within the government 's target of 17 percent , suggesting that the central bank 's efforts to reduce cash in the banking system are working , official data showed Friday .
The meeting will take place on November 24 and involve EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana , Dutch Foreign Minister Ben Bot , whose country holds the rotating EU presidency , and other officials .
" The IAEA is under the obligation to issue its report in a timeframe pretty much two weeks before the board meeting , " the diplomat said .
Celtic kept that lead until five minutes before time when Prso was first to the loose ball after keeper David Marshall could only parry midfielder Hamed Namouchi 's shot .
Within minutes , army engineers installed two spotlights and a sound system for Estripeau 's declaration before the dozens of reporters who have camped day and night outside since Arafat was airlifted there on October 29 .
It was the fifth bombing within 24 hours in the region after three apparently coordinated bomb attacks hit Narathiwat on Friday evening .
The Greeks will be looking for their first victory in the qualifying round on Wednesday after one loss and two draws .
The report by the Australian Institute of Criminology found there were about 4,000 drink - spiking incidents in a 12-month period , although only one in six was reported to police .
In the interview , to appear in Der Spiegel magazine on Monday , Koch - Weser said it would have been wiser if President George W. Bush had spread tax cuts more equitably .
Trains are congested at this time of year , a key period in the Hindu festival calendar when many travel home .
Security concerns threaten to disrupt Laos ' turn in the international spotlight when Southeast Asian leaders gatevery day .
Shops remained shut and children traipsed back from closed schools in the eery quiet , some unaware that Arafat had died before they left home .
A Beijing court has sentenced 10 people to jail sentences ranging from five years to life in prison for the gang rape of a 16 year - old - girl in the suburbs of the capital , state press said Friday .
Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit 's delayed visit to Israel is to take place on November 24 , he said Saturday .
Most newspapers dedicated pages of coverage to Arafat 's death , chronicling the life and times of the 75-year - old icon who died in a French hospital on Thursday after falling into a coma last week .
The Italian government is building four new reception centres to cope with an influx of illegal immigrants , interior ministry officials said Thursday .
Garcia , who is under house arrest , will face court martial next week for unbecoming conduct linked to allegations of massive corruption .
Mbeki has been asked by the pan - continental body to mediate a peaceful solution to the latest outbreak of violence in Ivory Coast , but said Saturday that he would not be available to attend the emergency summit in Abuja .
China will keep its coal export quota of some 80 million tonnes unchanged next year , claiming it wants to stabilize coal supply in the international market , state press reported Thursday .
Qaddumi has been a consistent opponent of the Oslo peace accords which ushered in the Palestinian Authority and remained in exile after the rest of the Palestinian leadership returned to the West Bank and Gaza Strip in 1984 .
The United States is trying to secure space on flights leaving the Ivory Coast for US nationals and other expatriates who want to leave the country , the State Department said Wednesday .
The rise followed a 1.8 percent increase in September and was the sharpest growth since the 2.0 percent registered in December 1990 right before the Gulf War , the central bank said .
He had been in a coma since the middle of last week and had been placed on a life support machine .
But Farina made light of Benitez 's concerns by including Kewell Thursday in a 20-man Australian squad to play Norway at London 's Craven Cottage ground on November 16 .
And he made things happen today , " he said .
It was re - elected for a fourth term last month , winning control of both houses of parliament for the first time .
Officer Cadet Wales , as Harry will be known when he enters the British Army 's elite Sandhurst Royal Military Academy in the new year , will leave behind his life of luxury and receive no special privileges .
But Japanese people want to resume the lifestyle they had before the earthquake , " said Takinori Shimizu , an official at the Japanese Embassy in Mongolia .
The carrier booked operating profit of 218 million euros in the July - September period , up from 200 million euros a year earlier .
Kraft was the first ever German woman to win the famed triathlon , considered one of the hardest endurance events in the world when she lifted the trophy in Hawaii on October 17 .
Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Wednesday called for all Middle East leaders to commit their nations to a WMD- and nuclear - free future .
The fund , established to accept donations for charities favoured by Princess Diana , who died in a Paris car crash in 1997 , in October halted payments to 127 humanitarian projects as the Franklin Mint lawsuit loomed .
Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh was to leave at the head of a five - member delegation late Thursday for the funeral in Cairo of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , a foreign ministry official said .
He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before becoming president .
Court hearings for alleged Russian spies have become prominent under the administration of President Vladimir Putin , who headed the KGB before becoming prime minister and then head of state .
Right - wing Hindu groups reacted angrily to the shock arrest ofthe arrest was the latest in a string of attacks on Hindu leaders since a Congress Party - led coalition took power from the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party government in May.
They looted weapons and ammunition from the stations before setting some buildings and police cars on fire .
North Korea has ruled out another round six - nation talks on its nuclear program before the end of the year , Japan 's top government spokesman said .
The Air Force One with Chen onboard arrived in Penghu 15 minutes behind schedule on September 27 as 28 Chinese fighter jets were hovering over the strait , the paper said .
Since the 1993 Oslo Accords , Fatah has dropped language in its charter calling for the destruction of Israel .
By midday , air strikes and cannon fire could be heard as troops targeted a suspected rebel spot .
Rainfall in Shizuoka totalled 277 millimeters ( 11 inches ) from late Thursday to early Friday , the Japan Meteorological Agency said .
Thousands of people in costume took to the streets of western Germany on Thursday as the annual carnival season started with a series of events that will go on until February .
Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi on Thursday expressed " our deepest grief " over the demise of Yasser Arafat , and urged sponsors of Middle East peace roadmap to remain committed to the plan .
" The IAEA is under the obligation to issue its report in a time frame pretty much two weeks before the board meeting , " said a diplomat in Vienna , headquarters of the IAEA .
The officer said that Samarra 's police chief resigned on Thursday ; a worrying development because he gave no reason for quitting and had been handpicked to keep the city in line after heavy fighting last month .
Warne has 541 wickets and Muralitharan , who is sidelined by a shoulder injury until early next year , has 532 .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced that the number of troops in insurgency - hit Kashmir will be reduced this winter in view of an " improvement " there , a statement said Thursday .
Defending champion Dorothy Delasin , who defeated South Korean Hee - Won Han in a one - hole playoff last year , fired a 71 to share 21st .
Better known by his nom - de - guerre , Abu Mazen , a name taken from his dead first - born son , Abbas quit as Arafat 's first - ever premier in September 2003 .
Some Taiwan newspapers said Vohor had not secured the advance approval of Vanuatu 's cabinet before he travelled to Taiwan and made the announcement .
A funeral will be held in the Egyptian capital on Friday while his burial will follow in the grounds of the Muqataa .
An adviser to Gbagbo said 64 people were killed and more than 1,000 wounded in several days of violence that followed .
Barnier was to represent France at the funeral service scheduled for Friday just ahead of Arafat 's burial in his West Bank headquarters of Ramallah .
After Brazil , Hu will visit Argentina and Cuba before heading to Chile for the November 20 - 21 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum summit .
Most banks are seen raising their lending rates after the Diwali festival , with key housing finance companies such as HDFC already saying they plan to raise home loan rates .
Suha Arafat , the once estranged but loyal wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who has incited anger for her extravagant lifestyle abroad , rarely left her husband 's side in his last days .
Masood Ahmed Chaudhry , 35 , was allegedly responsible for arranging the passage of illegal immigrants from Indonesia who arrived on Christmas Island , off Australia 's west coast , between November 2000 and April 2001 .
More than 200 Indian and 93 Pakistani fishermen were released last year by the two governments on humanitarian grounds .
Rohm , the world 's largest maker of custom - made large scale integrated circuits , fell 300 or 2.9 percent to 10,000 after it cut its earnings forecasts for the full year to March 2005 .
Slape said there could be a big rise in prices should the death of Arafat , who passed away overnight in a Paris hospital , lead to a flare - up of violence in the Middle East .
Former prime minister Mahmud Abbas was appointed the new overall head of the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) Thursday after the death of its long - time leader Yasser Arafat , official sources said .
It transcribes the technical data of the flight and the conversations of crew members between take - off at 0242 GMT on January 3rd and its crash off the coast of the Red Sea resort of Sharm el - Sheikh three minutes later .
Arafat , 75 , died in a French military hospital early Thursday after being critically ill there since October 29 .
But Israel 's continued incursions and closures in the Palestinian territories are likely to stall polls , analysts have predicted , meaning that a weak front man could only exacerbate the domestic infighting expected after Arafat 's end .
Davenport has won four of five career meetings with Myskina , but the Russian won their last encounter in the semi - finals at Moscow in October .
Indonesia - Netherlands - rights - Munir JAKARTA : Indonesian police said they were probing the death of a prominent rights campaigner after Dutch forensic teams found he died with excessive levels of arsenic in his body on a flight to the Netherlands .
It is one of several changes expected to be made following Bush 's re - election last week to a new four year term .
The paper said Mugabe left the country late Thursday accompanied by his wife Grace and senior government officials .
The victim was repeatedly beaten during three separate gang rapes in Beijing 's Mengtougou suburb over a period of a week , it added .
Acting on Allawi 's orders US marines backed by Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah on Monday , after weeks of heavy bombardment , in an attack dubbed Operation Dawn .
Coal prices increased 22.2 percent , 1.8 percentage points higher than the rate seen in September , while production materials prices rose 10.9 percent in October from a year earlier .
Hundreds of frightened Europeans were still fleeing troubled Ivory Coast on Saturday as an uneasy calm returned to the west African country a week after angry mobs went on a rampage targeting foreigners .
Mbeki has been asked by the pan - continental body to mediate a peaceful solution to the latest outbreak of violence in Ivory Coast , but said Saturday that he would not be available to attend the Abuja summit .
Two years ago , Lonard holed a monster putt on the 18th green to tie with fellow Australian Jarrod Moseley to win the Coolum event .
The defiant Caricom decision came as regional leaders wound up a two - day special summit in Port - of - Spain .
" Arafat the man died today , but as a symbol for our struggle , he will live on forever , " said 18-year - old student Mariam Shuuman .
The latest fatal accident to hit China 's coal industry occurred Thursday at the Xinsheng Coal Mine in Pingdingshan city in Henan province .
Tries from Terry Newton , Stuart Reardon and Stuart Fielden gave Britain a healthy lead before Keith Senior settled the match .
Parts of Delhi briefly lived in terror in June 2001 when a supposed half - man half - monkey began attacking people .
When it began its operation last year the military estimated a rebel strength of about 5,000 .
Great Britain are still smarting from October 's 12 - 8 defeat against Australia when Rooney 's last minute try sealed victory for the world champions .
The last time Zubeida saw Arafat was four years ago in Ramallah , when she took her first - born child to meet him , family snaps of the occasion in hand .
The troops would stay in Kuwait for a week for training before heading for Iraq , where Japan has deployed troops for the first time since World War II to a country of active combat .
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has blamed Kewell 's form rut in part on linking up with Australia to play against the Solomon Islands in last month 's Confederations Cup qualifier after groin , ankle and hamstring problems .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell blasted as " unacceptable " Wednesday reports that Sudanese security forces were bent on forcibly relocating refugees from a camp in the troubled Darfur region .
Despite the convention coming into effect , China has five years to stop production of four of the pollutants -- DDT , hexachlorobenzene ( HCB ) , chlordane and mirex -- still in use , after applying for immunity .
European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana said Thursday that intensified efforts to establish a " peaceful and viable " Palestinian state would be the best tribute to the memory of the late Yasser Arafat .
Au says no one will ever get bored of the surroundings because the main " theme country " will change every three months " like a giant cruise ship travelling from place to place " .
Among the losers were software shares which had gained significantly in the past few weeks after posting better - than - expected quarterly results .
Nationalist Turkish politician Cem Uzan , the scion of a business family accused of massive fraud , was held for several hours in police custody Saturday in the latest episode in his war with the government , Anatolia news agency reported .
ETA has suffered a series of setbacks in recent months after Spanish and French police intensified their cross - border cooperation , leading to more than 100 arrests this year .
But a 3 - 0 triumph over Stuttgart at the Volkswagen Arena helped Wolves have the honour of leading the German standings for another week .
" If everything goes as planned we will take full control of the city in the next 48 hours , " the officer said , on condition of anonymity .
" Later the number of doctors who received money increased , " he said , without naming the doctors or specifying the amounts allegedly paid to them .
" We arrested 35 fishermen and seized their five boats for violating our maritime zone on Friday , " Maritime Security Agency spokesman Khawar Hasan Khan told AFP .
Palestinians , both leaders and ordinary residents of this West Bank town , filed past the grave of Yasser Arafat on Saturday to pay their respects in quiet reflection , a stark contrast to the scenes of chaos a day before .
His first goal on 15 minutes was a near post header after Hermann Hreidarsson flicked on a deep free - kick from Talal El Karkouri .
The world 's second - largest economy expanded for the sixth consecutive quarter , but the latest growth was the slowest in the current expansionary period , hit by slower capital spending and exports , the Cabinet Office said .
Man - of - the match Freddie Ljungberg said the champions were firing on all cylinders again after failing to win in their previous three league matches .
Economic growth in the Philippines has slowed amid rising inflation since last month , due partly to higher oil prices , Economic Planning Secretary Romulo Neri said Thursday .
France began Wednesday evacuating its nationals with four flights planned to take the most vulnerable people away from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .
In late New York trade , the dollar stood at 1.1808 Swiss francs from 1.1829 Tuesday .
At least 10 people were killed and almost one hundred injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials and radio reports said .
The former England boss also pleaded for Martin Jol , who took over as Spurs boss following Jacques Santini 's shock resignation last week , to be given time at White Hart Lane .
The Iranians contacted European diplomats in Tehran Wednesday asking for more concessions on a preliminary agreement the two sides had worked out in Paris last week , diplomats in Vienna and another Western capital told AFP .
Year - on - year growth in Estonia accelerated to 6.8 percent in 2004Q1 from 5.8 percent in 2003Q1 , driven by domestic demand and supported by technology sector exports , the IMF said .
In statement issued in Port Vila and confirmed by Beijing , the Vanuatuan government said it unanimously agreed to revoke the communique Prime Minister Serge Vohor inked with Taiwan 's Foreign Minister Chen Tan - sun on November 3 .
" I do n't believe for a minute that they are under - prepared , " Waugh said .
For the 10 months to October , CPI was up 4.1 percent after a rise of 0.9 percent in the same period in 2003 .
Jol had taken charge of Spurs after being confirmed as head coach and successor to former France boss Jacques Santini on Monday -- and what a first Premiership game to start his tenure after being appointed permanent manager .
South Korea 's central bank on Thursday cut its key interest rate despite fears of inflation as analysts described the surprise move as a desperate effort to boost the sluggish economy .
However , malicious microbes may have solved Garcia Remon 's dilemma for him as Zinedine Zidane suffered from a dose of gastroenteritis during the week , which caused the World Player of the Year to miss training on Wednesday .
South Korean share prices closed 1.79 percent higher Friday , with sentiment underpinned by the NASDAQ 's rally , falling oil prices and the government 's economic stimulus package , dealers said .
During the first half of the 20th century , the Sakakini neighbourhood was known as a place where Muslims , Chri Arafat 's three sisters died in 1999 and 2003 .
" Until that happens we arSouth Africa a week later will be much , much higher mountains to climb .
The second half was barely seconds old when Pierre - Alain Frau set the triple champions up nicely , pouncing on a weak backpass by Nantes ' Alexander Viveros to keeper Mickael Landreau .
" We are here today to sound an alarm on behalf of 26 million people struggling to survive the ravages of war and other emergencies , " Annan told a meeting of donor governments .
Buiter nonetheless underlined the strength of Russian economic growth , which the EBRD has forecast at 6.9 percent this year , pointing to " an overall robustness of growth for four years in a row . "
The conservative Washington Times newspaper , meanwhile , wrote that Bush , " who has often been accused of disengaging from the Middle East peace process , made clear he plans to vigorously engage in the process now that Mr. Arafat is gone . "
She was forced to leave without her husband , who was stuck in the central city of Bouake , the rebels ' stronghold , where he has worked for the past two years .
Zvonareva , who had played the last five weeks as she battled to book her berth at the three million - dollar Championships , admitted she was tired .
Hong Kong 's base interest rate has been raised to 3.5 percent from 3.25 percent following the 25 points rate hike in the United States , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority ( HKMA ) said on Thursday .
Residents had moved into tents as aftershocks continued Saturday , although at a lower intensity than on Friday , Matabey said .
As arrangements were finalised for his funeral in Cairo and burial at his Muqataa headquarters in Ramallah , Arafat 's body was to be flown out of France where he had spent the last week of his life in a coma .
He has recorded at least 95 wins in eight of the last nine seasons and passed the 2,000 career victory plateau this year - a mark that only eight other managers have reached .
The three - day Eid al - Fitr festivities , which mark an end to the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , began Saturday .
I would like to see it done in four years .
South Korea 's Grace Park finished with three birdies Thursday to join Americans Laura Diaz , Juli Inkster and Christina Kim atop the leaderboard after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions .
In the sixth minute a surging run by central defender Terry saw him bear down on Crossley before flicking his shot narrowly past the upright .
A top Hindu religious leader accused of murdering a temple official was remanded in custody on Saturday as a court in southern India delayed a decision on whether to grant bail .
Hu landed in Brasilia for a five - day visit with China 's top Latin American trade partner before heading to Argentina and then Chile for the November 20 - 21 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum summit .
A British fraudster who passed himself off as a top - flight football player and a Formula 1 racing driver was sentenced Wednesday to a five - year jail term in Belgium .
A Washington favorite , Abbas was also regarded by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon as a worthy interlocutor before the lack of movement on various issues undermined the Palestinian 's authority .
International aid agencies warned about the plight of civilians trapped in battle - scarred Fallujah as the massive US - led offensive entered its sixth day , while in Mosul , rebels shot police and targeted US installations .
Russian President Vladimir Putin early Thursday extended his condolences to the Palestinian leadership following the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the Interfax news agency quoted a Kremlin spokesman as saying .
" The ( expert ) questioning has gone more in depth than anticipated ( and ) the hearing will continue behind closed doors for the remainder of the day , " court clerk Ulrika Ihrefeld told reporters during a break .
Four Britons remain among hundreds of non - US nationals held without trial at the base for periods of up to three years , and could face military tribunals for alleged involvement in global terrorism .
Photos of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , in his trademark black - and - white keffiyeh headdress , peered out from the front page of the major US dailies Thursday , with news of his death outside Paris dominating the day 's coverage .
BSkyB said its Sky Plus service , which allows customers to pause live television and record one satellite programme while viewing another , continued to grow in popularity with the number of users almost quadrupling in a year to 474,000 .
Chelsea were knocked off the top before their game at Fulham later in the day , after Arsenal ended a three - game run in the Premiership without a win and condemned Tottenham to a fifth successive league defeat .
Among the more than 25 still missing are Hassan , head of CARE International 's Iraq operations , kidnapped in Baghdad on October 19 .
Despite her estrangement , six months before rushing to Ramallah to oversee a dying Arafat 's transfer to Paris for medical care , Suha said that she was prepared to return to the Palestinian territories " the minute I am asked to " .
The mystery remained over the cause of Yasser Arafat 's death Thursday after French military doctors who treated the Palestinian leader said it was private information meant for his family only .
Saint - James will celebrate her 57th birthday on Friday .
The six - woman , six - man panel returned their unanimous verdict after just eight hours of deliberation , after the jury was twice re - constituted in a roller - coaster week that saw two panellists disqualified and replaced .
Arafat won the Nobel peace prize 10 years ago after the Oslo accords but the peace process collapsed four years ago with the launrafat today , Israel has killed the peace process . "
The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company ( EADS ) was tight - lipped Friday following a newspaper report that said it was considering the purchase of French defence electronics group Thales .
His virtual house arrest would last three years , until he was dramatically airlifted from the West Bank to Paris nearly two weeks ago for urgent medical treatment of what was initially described as a blood disorder .
The market fell initially after news that third - quarter GDP grew 0.1 percent from the second to give an annualized rate of 0.3 percent , well short of forecasts for 0.5 percent and 2.1 percent .
Vaughn produced two films by Guy Ritchie , Madonna 's husband -- " Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels " and " Snatch " -- and made his debut this year as a director with " Layer Cake " .
Justice Department officials on Thursday barred a Philippine general and his family from leaving the country while graft charges are pending against him .
" The economy is in the doldrums with consumer spending , investment and construction all remaining dull , " Bank of Korea governor Park Seung said after announcing the rate cut . "
Bagao Felix , 56 , was advised to rest over the weekend but is expected to return to work Monday .
Within minutes the army 's technical services installed two spotlights and a sound system for Estripeau 's declaration while dozens of journalists who had moved away from their positions returned .
They battled bravely but just how good this new - look England side are will only become apparent in the next two weeks when they face tougher opposition in Tri - Nations champions South Africa and World Cup finalists Australia .
Prices for fresh foods rose 0.9 percent in October from September , but were 8.9 percent lower than in October 2003 .
After a publicity - bathed five - month trial , handsome former fertilizer salesman Scott Peterson , 32 , was convicted of the first degree premeditated murder of his attractive wife Laci , who was eight months pregnant with their first child .
Rumsfeld was later headed to Nicaragua , Panama and Quito before returning to Washington .
Pakistan declared three days of mourning for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday as President Pervez Musharraf expressed sorrow at the death of the " great leader " .
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued Marsh and McLennan in October , accusing it of steering clients to insurers in return for payoffs -- amounting to 800 million dollars in 2003 -- from insurance firms .
EU leaders will decide at a December 17 summit in Brussels whether to heed a recommendation by the European Commission , the EU 's executive arm , to start membership talks with Turkey .
England coach Sven - Goran Eriksson on Saturday announced a 22-man squad for Wednesday 's friendly international against Spain .
Shota Arveladze sealed Rangers ' win after fellow substitute Dado Prso had cancelled out John Hartson 's 66th minute opener for Celtic .
They said a fresh spike in the December crude oil futures overnight was a concern , while many investors were expecting increases in lending rates , even though some local banks kept their 's unchanged after the US rate hike overnight .
Prior to Wednesday 's rebound in prices , New York light , sweet crude had tumbled by about 14 percent in two weeks , and Brent by 15 percent as supplies showed signs of recovery after hurricane - induced losses in the Gulf of Mexico .
" Already 14 people have been arrested in connection with the murder , including two on October 9 , and following their questioning it has come to light the pontiff played an important role in the murder , " Premkumar said .
His body was expected to be flown in from France later Thursday .
Slovakia 's Foreign Minister Eduard Kukan on Thursday refrained from giving Turkey a clear promise to back its bid to join the European Union , though he expressed hope that Bratislava would ultimately decide to lend support .
Finmeccanica stood by its September forecast for EBITDA to rise to more than 550 million euros in 2004 and more than 600 million in 2005 , against 549 million in 2003 .
" I 'm very pleased , " England coach Robinson told reporters afterwards .
" I think I pretty much shot myself in the foot a few times , " said Williams , who finally surrendered the only break of the second set in the final game . "
When he eventually walks into the White House Friday as the first foreign leader to meet the re - elected president , Blair will cement a reputation as Bush 's closest ally but risk further charges back home he is a US " poodle . "
More than 650 US troops deployed in Iraq have been infected with a fly - borne parasite that causes chronic , festering sores , officials said at a health conference in Miami Wednesday .
The hosts wrapped up the tie when Julien Faubert found Laslandes and then Cyril Rool with Lionel Letizi driving home after 77 minutes .
Even Allawi 's family has become caught up in the mayhem when a gang in three cars abducted his elderly cousin , Ghazi Allawi , his wife and their daughter - in - law in Baghdad on Tuesday .
The euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .
South Korean share prices closed marginally firmer Thursday but off intraday highs triggered by a surprise rate cut by the central bank as retail investors sold off se against the dollar helped some exporters .
A top Hamas political leader , Khaled Meshaal , accused Israel Thursday of having poisoned veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died in a French hospital aged 75 .
US - led forces launched an assault on Fallujah , deemed Iraq 's most rebellious city , on Monday night aimed at clearing the city of Baathist rebels and foreign fighters said to be holed up there which has killed hundreds of insurgents .
If the Supreme Court should find that he had intent to kill ... we believe Mijailo Mijailovic should be sentenced for manslaughter , " lawyer Mikael Nilsson told Sweden 's highest court on the first day of an appeal hearing .
The trial opened on Wednesday of an ex - Croatian tycoon , the symbol of the country 's fraudelent privatisations carried out by the nationalist regime in the 1990s , charged for embezzling almost eight million euros , national radio reported .
" Ivory Coast will go to the International Court of Justice to seek measures to protect its territory and people , " Ivorian Human Rights Minister Victorine Wodie said in a statement read out late Friday on television .
And although never fulfilled , Arafat 's last official foreign trip was planned for Moscow in December 2001 , just as Israeli troops encircled his base while destroying his fleet of helicopters .
Norwich should have gone in front on 11 minutes but Gary Holt could not get any power behind his header from a Leon McKenzie cross .
The match will be played at North Harbour Stadium in Albany on June 10 , the day before the British and Irish Lions play New Zealand Maori in Hamilton .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the man who embodied his people 's struggle for independence for decades , died Thursday , plunging Palestinians into mourning but giving a glimmer of hope to Middle East peace .
Desperate to make up for last week 's shock defeat at Reggina , Juve began with plenty of verve and purpose but their promising start soon fizzled out and they were under pressure for long periods .
Mauresmo , who in September became the first French tennis player to claim the world number one ranking , routed Russian Vera Zvonareva 6 - 1 , 6 - 0 in her first round - robin match .
In Germany , however , reaction has been muted , although the tone could change following an official announcement Thursday that momentum in the eurozone 's largest economy had slowed to 0.1 percent in the third quarter in response to declining exports .
Foreign Minister Michel Barnier on Saturday echoed Alliot - Marie 's statement , saying : " We have said it was a deliberate attack ... but we do n't know at what level the order for the attack was given , " said Barnier .
Indonesia 's Manpower Minister Fahmi Idris recently met Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi for talks , and had asked for the amnesty period to be extended to December 31 .
Parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh is to serve as caretaker leader of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .
A Western diplomat said Wednesday 's devopments leave the European trio " increasingly pessimistic that a good deal can still be struck . "
Shares of Coca - Cola , a Dow Jones Industrial Average component , fell more than one percent to 40.69 in midday trade .
Chinese President Hu Jintao Thursday mourned the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , calling him " a brilliant leader " and " a great friend " of China .
The NBA announced here Thursday a rule change for the National Basketball Development League ( NBDL ) that removes 3-point shots from NBDL games until the last three minutes of each quarter .
A court in Malta on Thursday sentenced a 50-year - old Algerian national to three years in jail for smuggling illegal immigrants from Malta to Italy .
Thailand - south - unrest BANGKOK : Five blasts struck Thailand 's Muslim - majority south within 24 hours , killing a Buddhist man and wounding 29 people .
" The dollar was under pressure due to selling from exporters , but the unit was unlikely to fall sharply as market players were taking a wait - and - see stance ahead of release of Japan 's GDP data , " Hideyuki Tsukamoto , dealer at Mizuho Bank .
The flights were to continue on Friday and are open to other nationalities as well , said the ministry .
In Belgharia , just outside Calcutta , assistant commissioner of police Rathin Thakur had his right ear bitten off when a monkey jumped on him in February .
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Saturday it would be possible to create a Palestinian state , even with " temporary borders " .
Friday , a senior State Department official , who asked not to be named , said Powell was " looking at the possibility of traveling to Israel and the Palestinian areas " but gave no details on such a trip .
" That will have to be sorted before we can even think about competing with Australia or South Africa . "
Egyptian newspapers on Friday mourned Yasser Arafat , hailing him as the symbol of his people 's struggle for a homeland , and dedicating most of their pages to the veteran leader 's life and funeral .
The 71-year - old pontiff was then flown to the pilgrimage town of Kancheepuram , 70 kilometres ( 43 miles ) from Madras , and produced before a magistrate who ordered the religious leader be detained pending trial .
The United States and India agreed in talks here Wednesday to launch a new phase in cyber security cooperation , including scientific exchanges , officials said .
Their makeshift craft , carrying 36 people , sank late Friday after being intercepted by a police patrol vessel near the Spanish archipelago .
But a blast against a Spanish military mountain refuge in the Spanish Pyrenees mountains on Saturday initially blamed on ETA raised questions over whether all separatists in the northern Spanish region were ready to renounce their armed struggle .
" The official mourning period is over today and there is a silver lining -- George W. Bush is prohibited by law from running again , " Moore said of his plans for a new political film .
Last month the NLC and its allies paralysed markets , banks , public transport , schools and offices in Nigeria 's major cities for four days during what they called a " warning strike " over the deregulation policy .
The government imposed a travel ban to Iraq in July after militants kidnapped a Filipino truck driver there , who was eventually freed after President Gloria Arroyo pulled out a small Filipino military contingent there .
On Friday , the official who oversees foreign operations tendered his resignation after a confrontation with Murray , but agreed to reconsider until Monday , according to the Post .
And two minutes later an all - Sale move gave debutant wing Cueto his first England try after a break by Hodgson had released Robinson .
MAN , whose activities range from trucks to printing machinery , said in a statement that its net profit soared by 140 percent to 72 million euros ( 92 million dollars ) in the period from July to September .
" The stock market remained stuck in neutral today , " said Alfred Goldman at AG Edwards .
Economists said that as a result they expect to see further increases in the consumer price index over the next six to 12 months .
Israel expressed hope Thursday that the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , regarded in the Jewish state as the main obstacle to peace , could open a new chapter in relations with the Palestinians .
Judges at the tribunal ruled on November 1 that Milosevic could lead his own defense , but must retain two lawyers who were appointed by the tribunal against his will .
The body of the 75-year - old Palestinian leader was to be flown out of Paris later Thursday for a funeral service in Cairo and burial in the West Bank .
Beijing refused Friday to comment on a suspected Chinese submarine that entered Japanese territorial waters this week , while the state press refrained from reporting new developments in the incident .
" It was a warm and friendly conversation , " according to a statement released by Lee 's office late on Wednesday evening .
Asked about the situation in the south of the city , where violent clashes had erupted Saturday afternoon , Daoud said : " The mission is accomplished and there only remains these few pockets , which are being cleaned up . "
Jennings , who was with the South African A side before taking over from Eric Simons as national coach , will continue as coach till May 2005 .
" Although we do not expect book gains ( from divestments ) this year to reach the level recorded in 2003 , we expect net profit for 2004 to reach last years high level , " E.ON said in a statement .
But the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) said South Korea had cooperated with the agency in investigating the matter , in a report released Thursday and obtained by AFP .
Boualem was first detained in September 2001 over suspected links to the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat , the strongest of the armed Islamic groups fighting the Algerian government .
Allawi on Monday decided to shut the airport for 48 hours after he declared a state of emergency in a desperate bid to curb unrest engulfing the country .
Senior Egyptian investigator Shaker Kelada repeated Thursday that it was too early to determine what had caused the crash , which killed 148 people , including 13 crew members and the 135 mainly French holiday - makers on board .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was delighted after his team proved their championshop Mourinho .
Five people were killed in a stampede at New Delhi 's main railway station Saturday as hordes of passengers rushed to board a train bound for eastern India , a railway spokesman said .
France introduced a ban on state school pupils and teachers wearing headscarves this year , sparking fierce criticism from some Muslim groups that it represents a form of discrimination against Islam .
The keeper beat two Blackburn forwards outside his box before hitting a delectable cross - field pass to Flood .
Speaking two days after the expiry of a purported ultimatum from their captors , the hawkish US - backed premier remained defiant .
The radical Palestinian Islamic movement Hamas , which has been Arafat 's staunchest opponent on the internal political scene in recent years , was represented by the leader of its Damascus - based politburo Khaled Meshaal .
" However , we regrouped in stirring fashion and not only did we compete , we outpointed them in the second half .
Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern paid tribute Thursday to the late Yasser Arafat , calling him a " great leader " and a personal friend who would be sorely missed .
KATHMANDU : THE RISING NEPAL " 11 Maoists killed in latest clashes " Eleven Maoists were killed in the latest security operations in Kailali , Dadeldhura and Palpa districts on Wednesday and Thursday .
" Over 100 stayed overnight at the protest site to wait for the protest to go on today .
Texan golfer Bob Estes , Australian Peter Lonard and New Zealander Michael Campbell were Friday confirmed as starters in next month 's Australian PGA Championship , tournament officials said .
He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before being elected president .
The two had never played before .
But after the Braves were 40 - 41 at the midway point , Cox steered them to a 56 - 25 record in the second half .
The new Nigerian league season is to kick off on January 15 , officials have announced .
" Before the game , we knew that Arsenal had beaten Tottenham 5 - 4 to return to the top of the table and so we knew that we had to win , " he added .
Opposition parties in Vilnius however said greater discussion was still needed on the historic pact which aims to streamline EU institutions and prevent decision - making gridlock in the bloc which grew from 15 to 25 members this year .
The European Commission recommended last month that accession negotiations should be launched , but set out a series of conditions .
Michel Pavon 's side soaked up all the pressure thrown at them in the first half with solid defending which fended off five consecutive corners from the Parisians and a header from Lorik Cana two minutes before the break .
It is not exactly clear when Suha , along with her daughter , permanently relocated to Paris where she made the headlines in February 2004 for an investigation into the transfer of large sums of money into her bank accounts there .
Yuvraj and Ganguly repaired the damage with sensible batting , but the Indians were later upstaged by Butt .
" I deplore the fact that even before knowing what happened , the French head of state decided to destroy our aircraft , " Gbagbo was quoted as saying by France - Soir .
Ex - Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic again demanded Thursday that former US president Bill Clinton and British Prime Minister Tony Blair testify at his war crimes trial on charges of genocide and crimes against humanity .
With the insurgents growing bolder by the day in the northern capital of Mosul , Allawi said that Iraqi security forces were
Arafat 's brother - in - law , Jarir al - Qidwa , told AFP Thursday that the Palestinian leader , whose died at a military hospital near Paris before dawn , also held Egyptian nationality .
President Jacques Chirac , who personally took the decision to accept Arafat on October 29 after the Palestinian leader fell gravely ill at his Ramallah compound , visited the hospital before the body was moved .
Standard and Poor 's analyst Amrit Tewary said the news had been anticipated by the market for a couple of years .
Khin Nyunt was the figure within the State Peace and Development Council , the junta 's official name , most in favour of dialogue with Aung San Suu Kyi who has been kept under house arrest for more than a year .
He had been in a coma since November 3 .
" I wish to inform the House ( of Commons ) that , following this reconnaissance , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has requested British forces to undertake an evacuation of UK nationals and others over the next few days , " he said .
Just one day after the emotional burial of veteran leader Yasser Arafat , Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei pledged on Saturday that a presidential election would be held by January 9 .
" Basically we have not changed our view that the economy is in a slight correction ( after earlier sharp growth ) during the current uptrend , " Economic Minister Heizo Takenaka told reporters .
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , lost 1.36 dollars to 47.50 dollars a barrel at about 1700 GMT , giving back most of the steep gains seen a day earlier .
Diaz also ran after the second photographer , Jose Gonzalez , trying to take his camera , the suit says .
They said the decision by HSBC , Hang Seng Bank and Standard Chartered Bank to cut prime rates Thursday by 12.5 basis points also helped improve sentiment towards interest rate - sensitive property stocks .
" I 've been queueing for an hour , " said Wazira Begum , awaiting her turn outside a confectionery shop , as other customers filed past with pastries , coconut cookies and chocolates .
Prices jumped Wednesday after the US Department of Energy said distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell by 100,000 barrels to 115.6 million in the week to November 5 , the eighth consecutive drop .
Politically - explosive US filmmaker Michael Moore is set to make a sequel to " Fahrenheit 9/11 , " the documentary that famously bashed President George W. Bush , an industry report said Thursday .
The meeting was agreed last week during a telephone call between the two presidents and the diplomatic source , who requested anonymity , said the visit would be officially announced by the White House Friday .
A win against Hibs on Sunday would set the scene for a cracking Old Firm fixture next week but Ibrox boss McLeish will know his former side will be no pushovers .
The Australian is still disturbed about the lapses in concentration which cost his side so dearly in last weekend 's defeat by the Wallabies where Scotland were 28 - 0 down at half - time before losing 31 - 14 .
Youth Minister Ambrose Mutinhiri was quoted by the Herald as saying two new camps would be opened in the first three months of next year , bringing to 10 the number of camps countrywide .
With international aid agencies warning about the plight of civilians trapped in the city an Iraqi Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered on Saturday .
Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest military operation in Iraq since last year 's war as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .
Darkazanli , 46 , was arrested in northern Germany in mid - October and is accused of providing Al - Qaeda with logistical and financial support since 1997 .
Reflecting the close relationship between the two , Blair is the first foreign leader to be received at the White House since Bush 's re - election success last week .
Valencia 's bid to retain the Spanish league title took another knock Saturday when a goalless draw against Real Zaragoza left Claudio Ranieri 's side in a sorry state of affairs with no wins from their last ten games .
His options have grown even smaller now with Mills ' red card meaning a suspension in the next fixture and Claudio Reyna aggravating the same thigh injury that has forced him to miss the last seven weeks .
Those who did not vote on April 5 were allowed to register to vote in the country 's first direct presidential election on July 5 and a second round run - off on Septembitarian and security issues on the ground , " he added .
China 's producer prices rose 8.4 percent on - year in October as inflation in raw materials led to the highest prices of factory gate goods in eight years .
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Terry Green ordered Love back in court on December 15 to set a date for her criminal trial .
Japan - submarine TOKYO : Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its waters near a disputed gasfield , setting off a high seas chase amid mounting disputes between the two countries .
His trial is expected to start in December or January .
" The meeting would give him publicity and that would encourage him to do the same thing again , " Lima explained .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin called on the international community Wednesday to learn the lessons of a collapse in the value of the dollar .
In any case after successive conservative victories in municipal elections in 2003 and legislative elections earlier this year , the reformers ' chances of retaining the presidency are considered slim .
In the 20th minute another searing run ended with him unselfishly pulling the ball back to Eidur Gudjohnsen , who sent his shot a foot wide .
Portuguese Foreign Minister Antonio Monteiro has publicly backed the military action taken by Paris , saying in a television interview broadcast Sunday that France had Portugal 's full support .
Blair will become the first foreign leader to meet Bush since the US president 's re - election last week when the pair hold talks at the White House on Friday .
Civilians hiding in the Sunni Muslim bastion , where US and Iraqi troops have clashed with rebels since Monday , are dying of starvation and thirst and something must be done to help them , the spokeswoman said .
US marines backed by Iraqi troops occupied some three - quarters of Fallujah Thursday but were facing an enormous task in rooting out determined insurgents , many of whom appeared to have gone underground .
By Saturday , 2,410 French nationals had been airlifted out of the country , and more than 4,100 expatriates from 63 countries had registered at the French military base near Abidjan , awaiting evacuation , a French military spokesman said .
The first Aegis destroyer will be launched at the end of 2008 , the second in 2010 and the third in 2012 under a navy buildup programme code - named KDX - III , the ministry said .
Under the deal , Delta 's pilots would take a 32.5 percent pay cut with no pay raises over five years .
In the last 10 - 15 minutes , they crashed it up and made no mistakes . "
Delays were expected to continue until Sunday .
The South Korean leader will visit Argentina 's large Korean community and the Latin American Art Museum in Buenos Aires on Sunday , they said .
Former Ivorian prime minister and popular opposition leader Alassane Ouattara arrived in South Africa on Thursday morning ahead of a meeting with President Thabo Mbeki in Pretoria later in the day .
Although the war ended nine years ago the two still remain at large , hiding somewhere in the former Yugoslavia where they are still regarded as heroes by their hardline supporters .
A father - of - four with two wives , he also faces a death sentence in his native Jordan , where he was condemned in absentia in April to die for the 2002 killing there of a US official .
However , sentiment changed abruptly as the market chose to focus on continued strength in consumer spending -- up 0.9 percent after a second quarter gain of 0.8 percent , sending the dollar into reverse .
Taiwan 's representative at this month 's Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit in Chile said Friday that he wished to convey goodwill to China in a bid to ease tensions between the two rivals .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin insisted this weekend his country would achieve growth of 2.5 percent next year despite reports of flagging economic momentum in recent months .
Except for attending a few meetings in parliament and at key ministries , Arafat had been confined in the compound known as the Muqataa from early December 2001 when Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declared him an obstacle to peace .
But Pfizer said a New York Times article " draws unsubstantiated conclusions about the cardiovascular safety " of Bextra , which comes from the same class of COX-2 inhibitors as Vioxx , a former blockbuster drug withdrawn by Merck in September .
I think it is possible , " Bush declared Friday in a joint press conference with Blair after a White House summit with his main European ally .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's death on Thursday will lead to a new dynamic in the Middle East , the Singapore government said as it expressed its condolences in a brief statement .
Iraq - US - Fallujah - casualties WASHINGTON : US military officials said hundreds of insurgents have been killed in the three - day - old battle for Fallujah while weaker - than - expected resistance has raised questions about what happened to a rebel force estimated at more than 2,000 fighters .
Uzan , leader of the small Youth Party , was detained in the northwestern province of Sakarya after he allegedly broke overnight into a luxury ranch which had been confiscated from his family earlier this year .
Eritrean President Isaias Afeworki expressed his " sorrow " after the death on Thursday of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , an official statement said onFriday .
British police were questioning seven people on Friday after seizing a cache of weapong chemical O - chlorobenzylidine malononitrile and is used in Britain by police to help incapacitate offenders without hurting them .
The hit US television show " 24 " is going from the small screen to the smaller after 20th Century Fox and Vodaphone struck a groundbreaking deal to distribute the drama on mobile telephones .
The Spanish economy grew by 2.6 percent in the second quarter from the same period a year earlier , provisional figures released Thursday by the national statistics institute INE showed .
The department put Zevallos Gonzalez , the airline 's founder , on its list of drug kingpins on June 1 .
Defoe delivered the perfect response when he turned an cut inside before curling a right - foot shot into the top corner .
At least five people were killed and 20 wounded when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .
European nations led by France were Thursday evacuating their nationals from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .
As late as Friday night , a US marine general said only 80 percent of Fallujah had been occupied and that savage house - to - house fighting continued , with marines fighting a tenacious enemy .
He was one of Bush 's closest advisors in his first term , having previously served as a judge on the Supreme Court in Texas , where Bush was governor before becoming president .
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued Marsh and McLennan in October , accusing it of steering clients to insurers in return for payoffs -- amounting to 800 million dollars ( 620 million euros ) in 2003 -- from insurance firms .
The festival will be celebrated Sunday or Monday depending on when the new crescent moon is sighted over the Himalayan region where an Islamic revolt against Indian rule has raged for 15 years .
Powell , speaking to journalists after meeting with NATO chief Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , said he was " disappointed " by the reports coming on the heels of Tuesday 's accord that he described as " a little bit of progress . "
The festival season is shorter than normal , ending on Ash Wednesday , which falls on February 9 next year .
Gabriel added that a number of the detainees have been at the camp for up to eight years , and some had been released but re - arrested and had two - year detention orders renewed .
Pictures Mideast - Arafat - Palestinians - reax - scene , lead RAMALLAH , West Bank Thousands of red - eyed and emotional Palestinians march through the streets of Ramallah to Yasser Arafat 's battered headquarters as the bereaved population of the West Bank and Gaza Strip mourns their leader 's death .
Sixty - eight suspected mercenaries began sentences in Zimbabwe last September in connection with the alleged plot to topple Equatorial Guinea 's president Teodoro Obiang Nguema , who has been in power for 25 years .
Abdullah 's first visit as premier to Cuba since succeeding Mahathir Mohamad who retired in October last year after 22 years in power , was at Castro 's invitation , foreign ministry officials said .
Tensions in the North Caucasus region , one of the least stable in Russia , have gone up since the Beslan school hostage tragedy in early September and authorities are keeping a sharp eye out for further flare - ups of unrest there .
Some 15 people were killed and over 30 were injured on Friday between Abaji and Kwali , near the Nigerian capital Abuja , in an accident due to poor visibility and speeding in which five vehicles were involved , police said .
Michalak reacted by headbutting the ball towards the crowd after he scored his try in the dying seconds of the first - half but it is doubtful he would have been doing the same to Laporte .
China 's consumer price index rose 4.3 percent year - on - year in October , compared to 5.2 percent in September and 5.3 percent in both August and July .
Japanese share prices rose 0.34 percent Thursday morning after the US Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate to 2.0 percent just as anticipated by the market , dealers said .
The US military said on Thursday that 18 US servicemen and five Iraqi soldiers have been killed and 69 US servicemen and 34 Iraqis soldiers wounded so far in the fight for rebel - held Fallujah .
Portugal said Wednesday it would evacuate 38 of its citizens from Ivory Coast after several days of mob violence and looting in the country .
Substitute Kevin Phillips headed in a free - kick from Jason Dodd just three minutes after entering the field of play to ease the pressure on the rookie Premiership manager .
The event has already suffered from the loss of Spanish rally hero Carlos Sainz who crashed and injured his neck during a reconnaissance drive earlier in the week .
EU - Iranian talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag , even as deadlines are beginning to fall towards resolving the crisis , diplomats told AFP Wednesday .
Hu then travels with his entourage to Cuba for meetings with long - time ally President Fidel Castro .
Arafat died in the early hours of Thursday at a military hospital on the outskirts of Paris where he had been in a coma since last week .
Prices fell sharply Thursday a day after data showed that US crude oil inventories had increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 .
As with Arafat 's Palestine Liberation Organisation , Nelson Mandela 's ANC was for years branded a terrorist organisation for waging an armed struggle to advance its cause .
And even allowing for wounded Canadian pride , the match should still be a dress rehearsal for tougher Twickenham Tests against Tri - Nations champions South Africa and World Cup finalists Australia later this month .
The defendant was arrested Tuesday in Barcelona together with another Pakistani since released .
An Indonesian court on Thursday rejected a request for hardline Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir to be able to celebrate the Muslim holiday Eid al - Fitr outside his prison cell , where he is being held during his terrorism trial .
The British prime minister went straight to the White House for a dinner with Bush before they hold formal talks and a press conference on Friday .
US media later reported that Cheney left the George Washington University Hospital after the tests came back normal and there was no sign of heart trouble .
Kozak later told local lawmakers the violent dispute risked destabilizing further the restive region , which borders the war - torn breakaway republic of Chechnya .
The regulations , which come into effect on December 1 , order employers to pay employees not only salary in arrears but compensate them for late payment , the Xinhua news agency said .
BASF said in a statement that its net profit totalled 337 million euros ( 431 million dollars ) in the period from July to September , an increase of 181 percent year - on - year .
Holders Werder Bremen , Hannover and Arminia Bielefeld sealed their qualification on Tuesday .
President George W. Bush on Wednesday named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as the new US attorney general and the highest ranking Hispanic in any US administration .
The yen weakened to 106.70 to the dollar from 106.50 earlier as the figures came through but then recovered strongly to trade at 105.97 in the afternoon .
Up to 3,000 people marched through the streets of Gaza City after nightfall on Thursday to mark Yasser Arafat 's death , firing into the air , wearing his trademark headdress and carrying his portraits .
The ties will take place on November 30 and December 1 .
Reports said Friday that Thompson has been interviewed for the head coach position and he has also applied for one of two coaching jobs at the Australian Institute of Sport ( AIS ) in Canberra .
Nigeria 's main oil unions said Thursday that their members will join next week 's planned nationwide general strike and warned that this would disrupt the country 's exports of crude to the world market .
Taiwan share prices closed 0.73 percent higher Friday , recovering some of the ground lost Thursday as financials and electronics led the way following Wall Street 's overnight gains , dealers said .
" The death of Yasser Arafat is a significant moment in Palestinian history , " Bush said in a statement released soon after the death of the 75-year - old Arafat was announced .
A Germany airforce plane was in the Ivorian capital Abidjan on Thursday to transport around 50 German nationals to neighbouring Ghana .
Knowles and Nestor have 926 points to 785 for American brothers Bob and Mike Bryan , who clinched year - end number one honors here last year .
Afridi removed well - set Venkatsai Laxman ( 43 ) and Virender Sehwag ( 53 ) before Yuvraj put on 74 for the fifth wicket with Ganguly ( 48 ) and 53 for the next with Mohammad Kaif .
The National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) said the October consumer price index ( CPI ) was up 4.3 percent compared with a year earlier after gain of 5.2 percent in September and 5.3 percent in both August and July .
Some 590,000 Japanese tourists visited California in 2003 , half the number in the mid - to - late 1990s , his office said , with tourism hampered especially after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Pires , capped 79 times with 14 goals , admitted however that he was upset at missing out on next week 's international .
The Scots broke the deadlock with a superb try after just 90 seconds .
It said employment numbers may have been boosted by an increase in temporary workers hired during the federal election on October 9 and regional elections in the Australian Capital Territory a week later .
Slugs : RugbyU - FRA - AUS , RugbyU - ITA - NZL , RugbyU - ENG - CAN , RugbyU - SCO - JPN RUGBY LEAGUE Preview moved ahead of Australia 's Tri - Nations match against Great Britain at Wigan 's JJB Stadium on Saturday .
Palestinian officials said that his burial would take place in the Muqataa at around 1400 GMT Friday after an official funeral in Cairo .
" We believe and hope that , after the death of your leader , those responsible for political processes in the ( Middle East ) region will find the strength and understanding to achieve a final , peaceful solution , acceptable for all parties .
The hostility towards Arafat was in sharp contrast with the warm support the Palestinian leader enjoyed for many years in Kuwait , where he lived in the late 1950s after leaving Egypt and where he co - founded his Fatah movement .
Earlier in the day , former boss Glenn Hoddle distanced himself from speculation linking him with the Southampton manager 's job and the three points ensured Wigley a stay of execution , for the time being at least .
The most serious attack was on an Islamic school in Eindhoven in the southeast of the country , where a bomb exploded at dawn Monday .
Trading will resume on Wednesday November 17 .
It paralyzed a part of Yushchenko 's face for several weeks , leaving it severely scarred .
Meanwhile , top Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal accused the Jewish state of poisoning Arafat , telling Al - Jazeera television : " Israel killed Yasser Arafat ... By killing Arafat today , Israel has killed the peace process . "
Area - wide inflation was expected to average 2.1 percent this year , above the ECB 's ceiling of 2.0 percent , but then slow slightly to 1.9 percent in both 200 t in 2006 .
" If we do not act , by 2010 , we may have more than 15,000 HIV persons in Singapore , " he said . "
Fonseca scored in the 40th , 56th and 90th minutes after Hector Altamirano opened the scoring in the 30th minute .
The deadlock was broken when Pedretti stepped up to take a 37th minute freekick .
The couple 's son and a guide were also aboard the boat when it was attacked late Tuesday .
North American qualifying will conclude with six matches Wednesday .
Spanish police said on Wednesday they had arrested two Pakistanis overnight in Barcelona for alleged membership of an Islamic terrorist group , which they said they had broken up in a September raid in the northeastern city .
Kasper 's sober assessment came as some 260 bishops and theological experts from around the world gathered in Rome for the first major review of ecumenical progress since the Second Vatican Council revitalised the process 40 years ago .
The company stood by an earlier forecast for a loss before taxes and extraordinary items to be in line with the 515.5 million loss posted in 2003 .
" We were one of the luckiest countries to have him as we have had stability for the last 14 years unlike many other places in Africa , " her friend Tjekupe Meroro , 27 , agreed .
Arafat was born in Cairo in 1929 and studied in the Egyptian capital for several years .
Israel - nuclear - Vanunu JERUSALEM : Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for revealing the country 's nuclear ambitions , was re - arrested at an east Jerusalem hotel , police said .
The Security Council was also briefed by Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , the secretary general of NATO , which is set to hand over its main peacekeeping duties in Bosnia to the European Union next month .
After five days on " duty " to protect Gbagbo from the French , who the Young Patriots have accused of trying to oust the Ivorian leader , they looked exhausompletely broke now . "
Japanese officials , who had initially been careful not to blame its giant neighbor for Wednesday 's two - hour territorial violation near disputed gas fields , said they determined the submarine belonged to the Chinese navy .
Former US president Bill Clinton early Thursday offered his condolences for the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , whose " greatest moment , " he said , came in 1993 when he signed the Oslo peace accords .
Police in Jalali town , 80 kilometres ( 50 miles ) from Delhi , admitted in late September they could do little or nothing with a monkey who had bitten more than 250 people , mostly children , and continued to terrorise local people .
There was more frustration for the fans two minutes later as Sean Lamont , who had a clear path to the line , spilled the ball while under no pressure .
On Friday , the agency dispatched a convoy of four relief trucks and an ambulance to a tourist village in Habaniyah -- where some 1,500 refugees are camped -- and the town of Amiriyat al - Falujah -- with some 4,000 families .
The guerrilla leader - turned - statesman was a powerful symbol to generations of Palestinians overseas , even if some were critical of some of the policies and the leadership style he favoured in his later years .
Britain 's Guardian newspaper reported Saturday that Barghuti , who is widely regarded as the inspiration behind the Palestinian intifada , was planning to run in from his Israeli prison cell .
O'Gara spotted the gap and , after a quick tap penalty , had time to dive over the line before a single Springok hand was laid on him .
Supporters of Sergei Bagapsh , the contested winner of last month 's presidential poll in Abkhazia , Friday stormed the regional administration building occupied by his pro - Moscow rival .
" We aim to continue to grow in the 2004/2005 business year , " said chairman Heinrich von Pierer .
They were to converge on Arafat 's Muntada headquarters in the city , where earlier in the day more than 1,000 gathered to mourn Arafat 's pre - dawn death in a Paris hospital .
The euro stood at 1.2905 dollars in late European trading after hitting an all - time high of 1.3005 .
" I can not fathom how we gave away the initiative in the space of 10 minutes , " said Bremen handler Thomas Schaaf . "
Almost all of the increased output will be shipped to China , which imported 6.03 million tonnes of wood pulp last year , about three times the level of five years ago , the leading business daily said .
Rebel Hong Kong lawmaker " Long Hair " Leung Kwok - hung hailed a victory for " common sense " on Friday after he won his battle to wear T - shirts to the territory 's legislative council meetings .
The government has been battling a separatist - inspired insurgency in the area this year .
Indonesia held three peaceful elections this year , hailed by observers as free and fair .
England , who had lost five of their last six matches , had this game wrapped up at half - time at 32 - 0 after running in six tries .
Scott Volkers , under a cloud over sex abuse claims , has applied to take over as Australia 's head swimming coach , it was reported on Friday .
Panathinaikos Athens defender Sotiris Kyrgiakos has been recalled in place of injured teammate Ioannis Goumas after 18 months on the sidelines .
" A lot has been said and I certainly have not read the papers or put the TV on since last Tuesday night . "
Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom is due in the United States on Sunday for the first visit by an Israeli official since the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
In the 67th minute Chelsea sealed victory when Lampard 's free - kick was missed by defender Zat Knight before Gallas met the ball with a downward header .
It said Kumaratunga reiterated her commitment to maintain the Oslo - brokered truce with the Tigers , in place since February 2002 , and wanted a peaceful end to a conflict which claimed over 60,000 lives between 1972 and 2002 .
But not to be outdone , the 360-square - kilometre ( 145-square - mile ) Gaza Strip , which held a special place in Arafat 's heart since his triumphant return , is to stage the next best thing -- a symbolic funeral ceremony .
Nov 13 : Addressing the UN General Assembly for the first time , he says he has come with " an olive branch and a freedom fighter 's gun " , adding , " do not let the olive branch fall from my hand . "
Back - to - back winners in 2001 and 2002 , Schalke missed a spot - kick through Brazilian Linclon in the 18th minute but it was to prove irrelevant .
" The unanimous view of the Security Council is that this is an urgent matter and that the vote will take place on Monday , " he said .
Messina 's last Serie A campaign was back in 1965 , while Palermo are enjoying top flight football for the first time in 31 years .
But the British Foreign Office ( ministry ) warned Britons that the security situation in the West Bank and Gaza strip could deteriorate in the aftermath of Arafat 's death .
At least seven people were killed and 28 injured when a car bomb exploded in the middle of a traffic jam at the cross roads of a shopping street in Baghdad on Thursday , police and medics said .
It is essential that a quick and peaceful solution be found to avoid such a disastrous scenario , " UNHCR chief Ruud Lubbers said Wednesday .
US President George W. Bush said Wednesday that a new Palestinian leadership would improve chances for peace in the Middle East .
Crude oil prices were a major factor in the jump , rising 41.4 percent in October on an annual basis and up 9.6 percentage points above the September growth rate , the NBS said .
Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer , a trusted intermediary in the Middle East peace process , said Thursday he would represent Germany at the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Japanese footballer Hidetoshi Nakata has won 1.2 million yen ( 11,215 dollars ) after taking to court a magazine which reproduced a photo of him kissing a famous actress as it reported on another lawsuit by the sports star .
It abandoned any nuclear ambitions in the 1970s after Washington persuaded then - military dictator Park Chung - Hee to give up his clandestine nuclear weapons program .
" This is the perfect spur for us and hopefully we can carry this into the league game against Celtic in ten days .
The IAEA postponed until Monday releasing a landmark report on Iran 's nuclear programme as EU officials pursued talks to save a deal for the Islamic Republic to suspend uranium enrichment and avoid possible UN sanctions , diplomats said .
Chirac arrived at a side entrance at the Percy military hospital in the Paris suburb of Clamart , where he was greeted by the Palestinian Authority representative in France , Leila Shahid , before entering the building .
When they come out of hibernation , the bears would be surprised to see the ice receding earlier in the season every year .
With many US investors away for a Veterans Day holiday , the Dowfter Europe 's leading telecommunications group unveiled plans to resume paying dividends after a two - year pause .
The visit comes as US and Iraqi troops continue their advance into the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah aiming to take full control within 48 hours .
Australia - economy - jobs SYDNEY : Australian unemployment fell to a record low of 5.3 percent in October , prompting analysts to warn that the country 's powerhouse economic performance could increase pressure to hike interest rates early next year .
Local meteorologists put the magnitude of the quake , which struck at 4:26 am Jakarta time ( 2126 GMT Thursday ) at 6.0 , while the Observatory of Earth Sciences in Strasbourg recorded the tremor at 7.3 .
The submarine spent about two hours in Japanese waters Wednesday near the southern island of Okinawa before being chased on the high seas by two Japanese destroyers and a surveillance plane .
" I think the growth rate for producer prices will stay between eight and nine percent over the next few months because oil prices are still high , " Leung said .
A prolonged dry spell has ravaged southern and eastern provinces , including Guangdong , Hainan , Jiangxi and Anhui provinces and Guangxi autonomous region , the Xinhua news agency reported Thursday .
" We planned to take this city in 108 hours and we are right on schedule , " he said , referring to the major US - Iraqi offensive , Operation Dawn , launched on Monday evening .
A swindler posing as the owner of a jewellery store outside Paris managed to steal a set of luxury pens and watches with the unwitting help of local police and a locksmith , police said on Saturday .
Yanukovich , 54 , who is also the acting prime minister , is the anointed successor of outgoing President Leonid Kuchma , who guided Ukraine over the past decade closer to Russia .
They were both assured of semi - final berths on Friday .
When Mubarak rose to power in October 1981 following Sadat 's assassination , he sought to renew contact with the Palestinian leadership and open dialogue with Arafat , as Egypt itself returned to the Arab fold .
On Wednesday the US federal funds target rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , rose by a quarter percentage point to 2.0 percent , its fourth rise for the year .
Mahathir , a strident critic of Bush , reacted to his re - election earlier this month by remarking that Muslims would be " tortured " during the second four - year term .
Manila 's intermediaries have lost contact with the kidnappers of a Filipino accountant in Iraq , complicating efforts to free him , a senior diplomatic source said Sunday .
Japanese share prices rose 0.34 percent Thursday morning with the US central bank 's expected hike in interest rates failing to have a dampening effect on investor sentiment , dealers said .
In the summer of 1982 as then defence minister , Sharon launched a military offensive against Palestinian sanctuaries in Lebanon and hunted Arafat all the way to Beirut .
When late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat left his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 for treatment in Paris , it was the first time Israel had allowed him out of the West Bank in nearly three years .
Russia 's State Duma lower house of parliament speaker Boris Gryzlov will head Moscow 's delegation to attend the burial ceremony of Yasser Arafat in Cairo , Russian officials said Thursday .
A Filipino accountant remains in kidnappers ' hands in Iraq after being abducted on November 1 , while a Filipino diplomat is held by suspected Taliban remnants after he was abducted in Afghanistan on October 28 .
Funeral prayers will be held at the Faisal mosque near Cairo international airport immediately after the last Friday prayers of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan .
As night fell , the sound of explosions and gunfire echoed through the city centre .
Singapore and Thailand will renew their call on ASEAN to accelerate its move toward a European Union - style single market earlier than 2020 during a leaders ' summit in Laos this month , press reports said Friday .
However it scarcely mattered as England doubled their lead in the 14th minute .
" May Allah give strength to the Palestinian people and to the leaders of the Palestinian National Authority to overcome this great loss and bereavement with unity and determination , " said Ahamed , who visited Arafat in Ramallah in September .
Top Vanuatuan leaders are now preparing a mission to Beijing this month " to restore confidence and ensure normalcy in political and economic relations " , the statement said .
Many countries Thursday issued warnings to their citizens against travelling to Israel , the West Bank or Gaza amid fears of further violence in the region .
" Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " the minsitry said in a statement .
Solheim arrived here ahead of Petersen 's three - day visit which began Wednesday and has already met Sri Lankan leaders .
" Today alone , young freedom fighters have been able to torch more than 12 ( American military ) vehicles , " said the spokesman , adding that the situation had not changed for the past three days .
Arafat , the embodiment of Palestinian aspirations for statehood for four decades , had been critically ill in a military French hospital since being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Crouched down to spread sand over the grave of her 18-year - old son Ayman Khozaa Farahat , 41-year - old Noha laments that the Palestinian leader , who died Thursday , will never again visit the martyrs ' cemetery in the Jabaliya camp .
The suspects will also be provisionally charged with attempted murder of several policemen who were wounded after the suspects threw a grenade at the security forces .
Oracle said earlier Wednesday it was prepared to walk away from the bid for its rival , saying it had learned that its " final " offer was on the verge of being rejected .
Iraq - SriLanka - Bangladesh - hostages ) Following up after Sri Lanka 's Tamil Tigers come under criticism for enlisting child soldiers . (
Round Robin action continues through Saturday , with semi - finals on Sunday and the final on Monday .
Leading the way was President Zine el - Abdine Ben Ali of Tunisia , where Arafat 's PLO set up its headquarters in 1983 after being chased out of Beirut by the Israelis .
US military officials Thursday said hundreds of insurgents have been killed in the three - day - old battle for Fallujah while weaker - than- expected resistance has raised questions about what happened to a rebel force estimated at more than 2,000 fighters .
Portuguese power firm EDP is willing to compromise in order to overcome European Commission objections to a proposed merger with Gas de Portugal ( GdP ) , the president of the utility said in an interview published Saturday .
Satoru Ohtake , the director of nuclear fusion at Japan 's science and technology ministry , who attended the talks Monday and Tuesday , was to return to Japan on Thursday , Hayashi said .
Japan 's navy tracked a submarine that intruded into its waters for a second day Thursday amid alarm in Tokyo that the incident was a show of strength by growing competitor China .
Calm was returning Thursday to Ivory Coast 's commercial capital after a riot of violence that sent hundreds of expatriates and thousands of nationals fleeing , as South Africa worked to resolve the crisis that could destabilize volatile west Africa .
Turkish security forces Saturday detained 148 illegal immigrants , most of them Pakistanis , in a raid on a boat that as about to set make a clandestine journey to neighboring Greece , Anatolia news agency reported .
Late Wednesday the Dutch justice and interior ministries announced new measures to combat violent extremism , among them increasing security services and more money to protect people and buildings .
Arafat 's funeral , due to be held Friday in Cairo , the city where he was born 75 years ago , will be a sombre occasion with many of the world 's foreign ministers in attendance .
Mangou was hitherto commanding officer of the field of operations and directed the air and land offensive against northern - based rebels which climaxed last weekend with the assault on French troops .
Japan 's economy slowed sharply in the third quarter as capital expenditure and exports , the key driver of the recovery so far , faltered badly but there were more hopeful signs on consumer spending , drawing cheers from investors Friday .
Crucial talks between Iran and the European Union over demands Tehran suspend some of its nuclear activities failed to reach a conclusion Thursday but will continue Friday , a source close to the talks told AFP .
On Tuesday , militants abducted Allawi 's cousin , Ghazi , 75 , his wife and their pregnant daughter - in - law , from their house in Baghdad .
Peru was the cradle of the Inca empire which in the 16th century stretched from modern - day Colombia down to northen Chile .
Japan says a nuclear submarine violated its southern waters for two hours Wednesday near a disputed gas field , triggering a two - day chase on the high seas .
Maybe it will not be possible to finish off terrorism in the short run , but we believe we can prepare the necessary environment for elections and we are working for that . "
Asian leaders reacted with sadness to the death of Yasser Arafat on Thursday as they paid tribute to his long struggle for the Palestinian people and expressed hope for eventual peace in the Middle East .
Growth had already reached two percent by the end of September , and in 2005 " will be perceptibly stronger than the average pace we have experienced since 2002 , " he told the newspaper Progres de Lyon .
No further information is available , " the statement said of the incident which occurred late Saturday .
" Maybe what happened in September is that the better - than - expected showing by the US trade deficit offers a hint regarding how the dollar exchange rate depreciation will eventually narrow the trade deficit , " Lonski said .
Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and voter turnout , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .
" This parliament has started the process of Lithuania 's integration and it has concluded it with this historic decision , " President Valdas Adamkus told AFP immediately after the vote , as he was set to sign the treaty .
A nine - strong delegation from Gibraltar will hold formal talks on constitutional issues with Britain in London on November 30 and December 1 , Gibraltarian officials said on Thursday .
But Chelsea hit back taking the lead on the half - hour mark at Craven Cottage when Frank Lampard drilled a ferocious right - footed shot past Fulham goalkeeper Mark Crossley .
I have very sweet memories , " said Ahmed Ramzi Khadura , who became an Arafat " son " after being separated from his natural father , who lives in Lebanon with 12 other kids .
" I could have stayed on and scored a few more maybe , " the 30-year - old Robinson , who has now notched 22 tries in 34 England appearances , jokingly told reporters afterwards .
The Mexicans had already secured a spot in next year 's final group of six to determine which teams will play in Germany in 2006 .
This superb effort prompted wild celebrations but they were muted within two minutes when Robben 's mazy run saw him finish well .
Russia has not yet decided whom to send to attend the burial of Yasser Arafat , a top foreign ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by Russian news agencies Thursday .
Lying about 300 kilometers ( 200 miles ) from China across the Yellow Sea , Songdo can be reached within two hours from major Chinese cities such as Beijing , Tianjin , Shanghai and is one hour 15 minutes from Fukuoka , Japan .
Makaay finally got his goal in the 79th minute as Stuttgart conceded defeat .
Armed mens Wednesday attacked the headquarters of electoral agency located in Awka , capital of Nigeria 's southeastern Anambra state , state police spokesman and officials said .
Spanish motor rally legend Carlos Sainz took a gentle swipe at the state of the world championship on Thursday after his glorious career ended with a whimper .
He told AFP he was sad to hear the news but " we knew he was clinically dead two days ago . "
PSG , meanwhile , were given a reality check at Bordeaux , who kickstarted their campaign again after a six - match losing streak .
India appeared to have lost the momentum after Pakistani leg - spinner Shahid Afridi grabbed two wickets in successive overs , but Yuvraj propped up the innings with a 62-ball 78 for his 16th half - century , which included two sixes and 10 fours .
INSEE also trimmed 0.1 percentage point off its earlier figures for growth in the first and second quarters of 2004 to 0.7 and 0.6 percent respectively .
A Bosnian Serb detained by NATO - led peacekeepers was flown to The Hague to check whether he faced war crime charges but sent back when it was found he was not on a wanted list , NATO officials said Saturday .
" We had a useful training camp before embarking on this tour and we have a new coach ( Ray Jennings ) who is capable of taking out the best from the players in the team , " he added .
" We planned to take this city in 108 hours and we are right on schedule , " he told AFP , referring to the major US - Iraqi offensive launched on Monday evening .
Fattuh will serve as caretaker head of the PA for 60 days , at which time elections must be held under Palestinian basic law , or the mini - constitution .
Following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , AFP has prepared a comprehensive package of stories on his life , his successors , his impact on the world and the future of Middle East peace .
Spanish squad : Goalkeepers : Santiago Canizares ( Valencia ) , Iker Casillas ( Real Madrid ) Defenders : Pablo Iian leader was declared dead overnight .
South Korea 's stock market is expected to continue firmer next week with sentiment underpinned by falling oil prices and government measures to boost the sagging economy , dealers said Friday .
A new president is to take office February 7 , 2006 , when the mandate of former president Jean Bertrand Aristide would have ended .
The US military on Saturday denied that any of its bases in Mosul were being looted , after reports that looters had descended on a palace in Iraq 's third city that had been used as a base .
Azzouz was arrested in June 2004 and provisionally charged with planning terrorist attacks in the Netherlands .
Two days later , LG Electronics responded by filing a lawsuit with the Seoul Central District Court , claiming the Japanese company has infringed its patents on PDP technology .
- Brazilian president Tancredo Neves , died at the age of 75 on April 22 1985 , after 39 days suffering and seven operations , having been admitted to hospital the day before his planned official investiture as head of state .
After a day of debate on Thursday the FAW said that a press conference would take place on Friday " in relation to the post of national team manager . "
Vice President Dick Cheney , who has a history of serious heart trouble , underwent testing at a Washington hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath , but was released when no major problems were found , the White House said .
Human rights activists in Russia have criticized the FSB for going after scientists who were pushed into looking for work abroad after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Bruno N'Gotty then went close with another header from a set - piece but his effort sailed wide off the back of his head before Hitzlesperger turned the match on its head .
Around 200,000 people are expected to flock to Obidos , a medieval walled town of whitewashed houses and bright bougainvillea located some 70 kilometres ( 40 miles ) north of Lisbon , during the six - day event , organizers said .
Jose Antonio Reyes 's reverse pass fooled the Spurs defence and presented Ljungberg with an easy task to score Arsenal 's fourth in the 69th minute .
" For the last two days people have been busy buying things for Eid , " said a police officer . "
China - economy - money BEIJING : China 's money supply in October grew 13.5 percent , well within the government 's target of 17 percent , suggesting that the central bank 's efforts to reduce cash in the banking system are working , official data showed .
The three points mean the league leaders go seven points clear with Rangers playing 24 hours later when they take on Hibernian .
Grove and his partners created a corporate culture focips for more than a decade , in the mid-1980s the company -- at Grove 's urging -- moved into making the microprocessors that run personal computers .
Sourav Ganguly returns to lead India in the two - Test series against Graeme Smith 's South Africans after recovering from a groin injury , which had forced him to miss the last two Test matches against Australia .
" Arafat the man died today , but as a symbol for our struggle , he will live on forever , " said Mariam Shuuman , an 18-year - old student .
But they did manage to score a try in stoppage time when Mauro Bergamasco broke loose to steal in under the posts .
The single European currency peaked at 1.3005 dollars in afternoon trading here , but quickly retreated on profit taking to 1.2905 in late European trading .
The military reaffirmed that , as of 8:00 pm ( 1700 GMT ) on Thursday , five Iraqi soldiers have also died and 34 have been injured in fighting that has raged since Monday .
Iran has reportedly already agreed to prolong a one - year - old suspension of enrichment and also suspend the making of the uranium hexafluoride gas ( UF6 ) that is the actual feed for the enrichment process .
For nearly a decade Gonzales ' career has been closely linked to the president .
A six - day battle to regain control of Fallujah has ended and there are just " malignant " pockets of resistance left with more than 1,000 rebels killed , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
So far there have been no reports of US troops in Iraq or Afghanistan being infected with visceral leishmaniasis , which can cause severe damage to some of the body 's internal organs , including the spleen , liver and bone marrow .
The project , formally presented by Bush at a G8 summit in June , has been treated with reserve in the Arab world , including Morocco .
After 22 minutes , Baros appeared at the end of an impressive sequence of passing play from Liverpool .
Following three days of fighting , more than 500 insurgents , 18 US and five Iraqi troops have been killed , while 69 American and 34 Iraqi soldiers have been wounded , according to US officials .
The UN has stepped up security in the capital following the kidnappings , according to a written version of a report on the country given to the Security Council on Tuesday .
" Yasser Arafat made a mistake by committing himself to the path of terrorism and we have all paid the price , " Peres told Israeli radio after the announcement that Arafat had died in a French military hospital outside Paris .
Georgia striker Shota Arveladze fired an extra - time winner at Ibrox on Wednesday to give Rangers a 2 - 1 League Cup quarter - final victory after fellow substitute Dado Prso had cancelled out John Hartson 's 66th minute opener for Celtic .
Viktoria Zizkow , now demoted to the second division , have been docked 12 points and Hornik banned from working in Czech football for two years .
President Gloria Arroyo was strongly criticized by the United States in July after she withdrew the small Filipino military contingent in Iraq in compliance with the demands of kidnappers holding a Filipino truck driver .
Japan 's research whaling fleet left Friday to the Antarctic Ocean to kill up to 440 Minke whales , despite protests from environmentalists who say the expedition skirts an international ban .
A member of the Al - Qaeda - linked Abu Sayyaf Muslim kidnapping group was identified by witnesses as being behind the latest murder of a Philippine journalist , a military commander said Saturday .
Food vendor Sompong Nookhao was killed in a blast at a market and seven injured , including a seven - month - old baby with shrapnel wounds , after a device was triggered during busy early morning shopping .
The announcement by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of a troop reduction in Indian Kashmir this winter evoked reactions Friday ranging from relief to disbelief in the insurgency - hit region .
" The guys were disappointed in June .
Mourners will then wind their way through the main boulevards and alongside the park of the Unknown Soldier before reaching Arafat 's Muntada compound , on the last Friday of the fasting month of Ramadan , a particularly devout day for Muslims .
Iran has since October 2003 suspended the actual enrichment of uranium as a confidence - building measure but not support activities such as making the feed gas and manufacturing centrifuges .
Shane Horgan 's reverse pass inside appeared to have given winger Denis Hickie a clear run at the line in the 8th minute but play was hauled back after the most marginal of decisions that the ball had travelled forward .
Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul said Thursday that he would attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and that other Turkish leaders were likely to join him .
The group , which had wide - ranging powers , was headed by Khin Nyunt until he was sacked for corruption by the head of the junta Senior General Than Shwe on October 19 .
A US defence official said on Thursday that more than 500 insurgents had been killed so far in the fighting that is still raging .
The operation , launched on Monday night with about 10,000 US marines and soldiers backed up by 2,000 Iraqi troops , was the biggest since the US - led invasion of Iraq in March last year .
Franklin Mint launched the suit in 2002 after the fund sued the company in 1998 alleging that Franklin Mint had illegally produced and sold Diana dolls , plates , jewellery and other trinkets without permission .
Tottenham took just 60 seconds to reduce the deficit as England striker Jermain Defoe collected a loose ball and sliced through the Arsenal defence before unleashing a superb curling shot past Jens Lehmann .
Arsenal surged back to the top of the table , for a few hours at least , after edging a 5 - 4 thriller against Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday .
" It was complete and total panic and we were just done with it all , " she said after arriving in the Senegalese capital aboard a flight chartered by the Dutch government .
Pompey took the lead after 12 minutes in comical fashion as Andreas Jakobsson planted a header past his own keeper Kasey Keller .
The lawyer for the man who stabbed Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh to death last year asked the Supreme Court Wednesday to quash an earlier murder verdict and convict his client of manslaughter instead .
South Korea 's Grace Park finished with a birdie Thursday to join Americans Laura Diaz , Juli Inkster and Christina Kim atop the leaderboard after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions .
" Machinery orders for April - June showed high growth ( of 10.3 percent ) but the momentum has been slowing recently , " the Cabinet Office said on the key measure of planned corporate spending .
Several days of mob violence struck Abidjan after the French destroyed Ivory Coast 's air force Saturday following an air strike that killed nine of its peacekeepers .
Hu will meet Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Argentine President Nestor Kirchner , both of whom visited China earlier this year .
He is scheduled to present the 2005 budget to parliament Wednesday .
Young was caught for taking the anabolic steroid nandrolone in June 1999 .
" I 've been prepared for this for a few days and I 'm still shocked , but it 's normal .
" I confirm what I said on Monday , it was right and necessary to say it , " Trichet was reported as saying , responding to a question about the dollar rate during the first OSCE Forum in Palermo , Sicily .
Last month Human Rights Watch accused Hanoi of stepping up its crackdown on Mennonite Christians and other independent religious groups .
Their first meeting was in September 1982 , when the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) leader was neither a Nobel Peace Prize laureate nor a president .
But Carpentier debuted the year the Indy series split in two .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced that the number of troops in insurgency - hit Kashmir will be reduced this winter in view of an " improvement " there , a spokesman said Thursday .
The back pain that kept Astle out of the Black Caps team was not expected to keep him out of the first Brisbane Test , starting on November 18 .
US Federal Reserve policymakers , heartened by a burst in new jobs in October , raised key short - term interest rates Wednesday and hinted at further small increases ahead .
It is a monstrous crime " -- September 2001 comments to reporflown in from Paris on Friday .
Pakistan 's military said early this month that about 250 militants had been killed since the operation began in March .
The United States Thursday expressed their hope for an independent and democratic Palestinian country , calling the death of Yasser Arafat an important event in Middle East history .
Thousands of grief - stricken Palestinian refugees fired into the air Thursday , draped their camps in black and burnt Israeli flags after the death of their iconic leader Yasser Arafat .
Criminals seeking ransom are trying to convince families in small - town Japan that their sons are on their way to Iraq , where a Japanese backpacker was abducted and killed last month , a report said Friday .
Following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , AFP has prepared a comprehensive package of stories on his life , his family , the Palestinian territories , and those who may succeed him .
Swiss Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy - Rey said Thursday that she had " no information " about reportedly secret bank accounts held by the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Switzerland .
Wilkinson is set to miss the Twickenham Tests against Tri - Nations champions South Africa and World Cup finalists Australia later this month .
Sharon hinted with his statement that his plan to withdraw unilaterally from the Gaza Strip by the end of next year could eventually be implemented in concert with Palestinian authorities .
Some 80,000 Russian troops are based in Chechnya , drawn both defence ministry and interior ministry forces , where a guerrilla war continues to rage more than five years since the latest conflict in the breakaway republic began .
Elsewhere , traders were closely watching events in Nigeria , where the country 's main oil unions on Thursday said their members would join next week 's planned nationwide general strike and warned of disruptions to crude exports .
The central bank chief said he expected the ongoing downturn to continue until the first half of next year but added that he believes the government 's growth target of about 5.0 percent is acheivalble in 2004 .
Kuchma later told reporters in Kiev that the visit was to sign two accords on transport links between the neighbouring countries .
But on Wednesday de Lima dismissed the idea .
International coaches Bobby Robson and Gerard Houllier are on a shortlist of candidates for Australian football 's newly created position of technical adviser , reports said here on Sunday .
She played so many weeks in a row , " Kuznetsova said .
Arafat was fond of saying that he looked forward to seeing the day " when a child flies the Palestinian flag on the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem " .
The 8,600-strong NPA and its political leadership have been waging a Maoist campaign against the government for 35 years .
Last month United defeated the reigning champions 2 - 0 at Old Trafford to end the Gunners ' English top - flight record of 49 unbeaten league games .
Brent North Sea crude for December slumped by 1.45 dollars to 43.30 dollars in late trade in London , having closed up 1.04 dollars the day before .
A hearse entered the grounds of Percy military hospital here shortly after 06:15 am ( 0515 GMT ) Thursday following the death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat .
After the murder police began investigating networks of suspected Islamic extremists thought to be working in the Netherlands .
A federal court ruled this week that inmates should be given the protection of the Geneva Conventions .
Pilots at struggling Delta Air Lines approved givebacks aimed at saving one billion dollars a year , the company and union said Thursday .
China Thursday said it knew nothing about a submarine that entered Japanese waters near a disputed gas field and sparked a high seas chase .
Mauresmo is also trying to improve this week on her runner - up finish to Belgian Kim Clijsters in the Championships last year .
Spurs opened the scoring in the 37th minute when Noureddine Naybet popped up at the far post to give the home side an undeserved lead .
Its pulls some of its troops back in early May. June 16 - Israel starts to build a wall sealing the West Bank off from Israel in an attempt to block militants from attacking the Jewish state .
Slape said there could be a big rise in prices should the death of Arafat , who passed away overnight in a Paris hospital , lead to a big flare - up of violence in the Middle East .
US stocks resumed their rally Thursday , getting a lift from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and bullish broker comments on the tech sector .
Singapore and India want to complete talks on a trade agreement by the end of November after negotiators ironed out key issues at their latest meeting , the trade ministry said Friday .
Banking stock HDFC Bank closed down 7.30 rupees or 1.54 percent at 466.90 after recent gains triggered by expectations of interest rate tightening .
" In the last few years he wanted to be popular but sometimes a leader must be prepared to go against public opinion . "
Iraqi and coalition forces may attack other rebel areas following the assault on Fallujah , Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari in Kuwait Thursday .
India were strongly placed at 111 - 1 after electing to bat on a flat track before faltering against Afridi , who took two wickets in the space of just 13 runs to reduce the hosts to 124 - 3 .
Iran offered its condolences to the Palestinian people Thursday over the death of Yasser Arafat and appealed to them to remain unified in the face of " Zionist aggression " .
Before his death was announced , US President George W. Bush had said that establishing a new Palestinian leadership post - Arafat would improve chances for peace in the Middle East .
The decision , a unanimous one by Scottish ministers , was announced in the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh by McConnell , who hoped the ban would be fully implemented by spring 2006 .
US officials say they are ready to jump - start the Middle East peace process after the death of Palestinian patriarch Yasser Arafat , but are treading carefully with a host of unknowns before them .
Four of his co - defendants were arrested on the day of the incident .
A passenger train smashed into a water tanker at a level crossing in an Istanbul suburb Friday , killing the truck driver , the Anatolia news agency reported .
The attack on came two days after a fourth member of the 850-strong battle group was killed in a suicide bomb attack .
NFC North division leader Minnesota ( 5 - 3 ) travels to Green Bay ( 4 - 4 ) without receiver Randy Moss , who missed the first game of his seven - year career on Monday at Indianapolis and is doubtful again with a right hamstring strain .
Edwards , 55 , learned of the diagnosis November 3 , the day her husband and Senator John Kerry conceded defeat to President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
Another diplomat said that Wednesday 's devopments leave the European trio " increasingly pessimistic that a good deal can still be struck . "
The first meeting was held in New Delhi more than two years ago to cope with increasing interdependency between India and the United States in the information technology field , officials said .
Fifteen crosses , planted by their regiments , remembered the other British servicemen and women who have also died in Iraq this year .
He underwent an operation for prostate cancer in Paris in June of the same year and was sent home to die in Yamoussoukro , where he was born , six months later .
According to Indian sources , some 200,000 security force members , including 60,000 combat troops on Kashmir 's borders with Pakistan , are currently battling a 15-year - old insurgency against Indian rule in the disputed region .
The Shukan Gendai weekly , published by Kodansha Ltd. , carried the photo in the September 20 , 2003 edition -- as part of an article on how Nakata was considering suing another firm which had originally published the picture .
A Washington favourite , Abbas held talks with President George W. Bush , who cold - shouldered Arafat , in the White House in July 2003 .
CAS will deliver its decision within four months .
The government of Buddhist Thailand on Thursday expressed its sadness at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and said it hoped it would not undermine attempts to secure a lasting peace in the region .
" I have been here since the start of the evening , like all the evenings since last Thursday , " he said .
Abbas ' formal appointment as PLO leader could galvanise the peace process , which ground to a halt after he left office .
Schumacher , 36 , was subsequently banned for one year .
At the same time , Canizares said that " from a technical standpoint , this sustained decline is also due to warranted profit - taking after the market 's gains recently . "
Qaddumi , the long - time politburo chief of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , joined Arafat in seeking refuge in Tunisia , where the PLO was based from 1982 , after being expelled from Lebanon .
Vice President Annette Lu 's plane was also targeted by Chinese fighter jets when she was flying to Penghu on October 2 , the paper said .
But it 's not about me , the players worked hard today and to see everyone in the dressing room before and after the game made me aware of what we have got here .
On Saturday , foreign ministers of Bosnia - Hercegovina and Serbia - Montentegro as well as representatives of seven NATO members states -- Bulgaria , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Romania , Slovenia and Turkey -- will join the conference .
Al - Jazeera television aired a video Friday showing what it said was a US national of Lebanese origin held hostage by a group in Iraq and calling on foreign contractors to stop working for his employer .
The last and only polls took place in January 1996 , following the Oslo autonomy accords between the Palestinians and Israel and the creation of Palestinian Authority in 1994 .
Hong Kong share prices closed 1.17 percent higher Friday on continuing institutional interest in HSBC , dealers said .
Putin also made a three - day visit in support of Yanukovich 's campaign on the eve of the first , indecisive round held October 31 .
Freddie Ljungberg continued the goal rush before Tottenham hit back through Ledley King 's header on 73 minutes to make it 4 - 3 .
The UN atomic energy agency cited South Korea on Thursday for conducting secret uranium and plutonium - making activities that violated international nuclear safeguards on a wider scale than Seoul had previously declared .
New household savings stood at 54.2 billion yuan in October , 4.9 billion yuan more than in October last year and marked the first year - on - year increase since February .
He said his suspicions were aroused by the absence of any information about Arafat 's health since he was admitted to hospital in Paris on October 29 and that Arafat was conscious when he left his Ramallah compound .
The Patriot Act was introduced after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
On Wednesday , the military said Fallujah would be under control within 48 hours .
He may be stepping down in four months after a third term as Namibia 's founding president , but there is little doubt that Sam Nujoma will continue to wield power in the arid southern African country .
At least three people were killed and dozens injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials and radio reports said .
Elizabeth Edwards , wife of recent Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards , began chemotherapy treatment Thursday just days after being diagnosed with breast cancer .
The focus will therefore be on the FOMC 's accompanying statement for clues as to whether there will be another hike in December .
" We planned to take this city in 108 hours and we are right on schedule , " he told AFP , referring to the major US - Iraqi offensive , Operation Dawn , launched on Monday evening .
" I felt very comfortable the past four days , " said the Indian captain who will undergo a fitness test before the match .
At least nine illegal immigrants -- Somalians and Mauritanians -- drowned and seven others were missing after their boat sank in the Aegean Sea late Monday in an attempt to reach the Greek coast .
At least 4,000 of the 5,500 inmates at the main prison in Ivory Coast 's commercial capital Abidjan took advantage of work on a new security system to escape over the weekend , prison sources said Wednesday .
Karameh said " Palestinian president Yasser Arafat passed away after a bitter ordeal with sickness following a long and barbaric siege imposed on him by the Zionist occupation at his headquarters in Ramallah . "
Arafat , 75 , died early Thursday in Paris , where he had been critically ill in a military hospital after being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Mideast - Palestinian - vote RAMALLAH , West Bank : A day after Yasser Arafat was laid to rest , Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei pledged that a presidential election would be held by January 9 to replace the veteran leader .
500 words moved -- MIDDLE EAST -- Israel - nuclear - Vanunu,3rdlead JERUSALEM Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for blowing the whistle on the country 's nuclear ambitions , is re - arrested in an east Jerusalem hotel .
" Afterwards , a resumption of negotiations is possible , but it 's up to the new Palestinian leadership to dismantle armed groups as stipulated in the roadmap , " Gilboa concluded .
" The Palestinian people weep for their father , " headlined the liberal daily Radikal above a picture of the 75-year - old who died in a military hospital near Paris on Thursday after several days in a coma .
Inter took the lead through Sinisa Mihajlovic 's superb curling free - kick , only for Fabio Petruzzi to level the score with a close range tap - in after Francesco Toldo had parried Giacomo Cipriani 's header .
Thaksin , who cancelled his trip to this month 's APEC summit in Chile because of the strife in the south , has reversed his decision and is now likely to attend , according to officials .
Osamu Takashima , chief currency analyst at Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi , said : " Players who had built dollar - short positions were scrambling to cover their positions after the US trade data . "
Arafat , who was born in 1929 , was probably the world 's best known guerrilla leader who later won the Nobel peace prize , but in the last years of his life he was dismissed as a " terrorist " by Israel .
Meanwhile , an African Union summit scheduled in Nigeria for Sunday was left in question after South African President Thabo Mbeki , mandated by the AU to resolve the conflict , said he would not attend .
" They obviously did n't give us - or Irish rugby in general - a lot of credit , " Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan said this week when asked to reflect on the tour of South Africa .
Japanese share prices rose 0.79 percent Friday morning , supported by by gains on Wall Street and despite weaker - than - expected third - quarter gross domestic product ( GDP ) data for Japan , dealers said .
Britain 's Financial Services Authority said earlier this month it had approved the Spanish bank taking control of Abbey , while the Bank of Spain also gave the green light .
" We have a meeting late tonight with the European ministers .
The earlier job cuts were announced on Wednesday as Swisscom reported a 17.2 percent decline in its nine - month net profit , to 1.14 billion Swiss francs ( 734 million euros , 963 million dollars ) .
The exact number of people to be affected by the job cuts stands to vary from year to year , Swisscom head Jens Alder said in an interview with Swiss - German radio DRS .
Adriatico said the rebels had been more active in the area in recent weeks .
In November last year Pakistan declared a unilateral ceasefire on the Line of Control which was reciprocated by India .
Born in Abu Dis , a suburb of east Jerusalem annexed by Israel after the 1967 war , Qorei worked for several years in the banking sector .
The two men clashed initially over Qorei 's choice of interior minister , who was dropped in favour of an Arafat loyalist before his cabinet was sworn in last November .
The first French airliner carrying evacuees from Ivory Coast landed Wednesday evening at Charles de Gaulle airport outsidis on July 23 , 2004 , USADA confirmed .
Shortly after the burial , however , he conveyed his condolences to the Rabin family , unusually , not wearing his trademark Arab headdress , or keffiyeh .
Last month , election officials charged that Israel was trying to prevent voters from registering through intimidation tactics , with police seizing voter lists and in one case , firing tear gas into two registration centres .
After a period of delinquency , Zarqawi became awed by the teachings of radical Salafist Islamist Mohamad al - Makdessi , whom he met in Pakistan , where he worked as a journalist from 1988 - 1992 for mujahedeen newspapers .
Three bulldozers , a fire - engine and several huge trucks were still parked on the concrete late Thursday next to several large piles of asphalt for resurfacing uneven patches around the outskirts of this 3,000-square - metre ( 32,000-square - foot ) compound .
" Today there is a new page to be written " with the elections in Palestine , which " it is possible and necessary " to organise within 60 days as envisaged under the Palestinian constitution , he said .
A police siege of a building in The Hague where suspected terrorists have been holed up since early Wednesday has ended with two people " possibly " arrested , the ANP news agency reported .
They were part of the group of people arrested in the province of East Kalimantan on Borneo island in January 2003 and convicted of helping key Bali bombers Ali Imron and Mubarok to hide from authorities there .
Blockbuster , the leading US video rental chain , made a bid Thursday to swallow rival Hollywood Entertainment spotlighting the sector facing tough times due to emerging technology .
Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos has since dismissed opposition claims that Spain had renounced sovereignty claims to Gibraltar , saying dialogue and cooperation would boost bilateral ties .
Pakistan - Afghanistan - attacks - Qaeda ) JAKARTA : Reporting after a powerful earthquake on Alor island in eastern Indonesia leaves at least one person dead and six injured . (
" We 've got our two main sessions on the Tuesday and Wednesday and he 'll be available for those . "
Japan 's core private - sector machinery orders in September fell 1.9 percent from August , the government said Thursday , disappointing expectations for a small gain .
The victim , Flemming Tolstrup , a 33 year - old navigator , died after a violent blow to the head during an altercation , police said .
On the eve of a visit to Washington , British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday urged the US - led coalition in Iraq to them as terrorists , " he said .
Japan summoned a Chinese diplomat Friday to protest the intrusion into its waters of a nuclear submarine , which set off a two - day chase on the high seas amid mounting tension between the Asian powers .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) said the jobless rate was the lowest since its monthly labour force survey began in 1978 .
Four miners were killed on the spot and another died later in hospital , while another two were injured , an official in the town of Nour told state television .
Socceroos coach Frank Farina on Thursday announced six changes from the squad that beat the Solomon Islands in the Oceania Confederations Cup qualifiers last month for the match against the Norwegians on November 16 .
Dowie , for example , went one better than Ferguson on Wednesday by selecting a team showing 11 changes from Palace 's last league match .
The National Bureau of Statistics ( NBS ) said the October consumer price index ( CPI ) was up 4.3 percent compared with a year earlier after an increase of 5.2 percent in September and 5.3 percent in both August and July .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , whose death was announced in the early hours of Thursday , spent the last week of his life in a coma in a French military hospital near Paris .
Philippine share prices closed 1.26 percent lower Friday on a sustained sell - down in blue chips led by Philippine Long Distance Telephone , dealers said .
The UN Security Council will send a mission to central Africa from November 21 - 25 to underscore the importance of completing the peace process in 2005 in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Burundi , diplomatic sources said Wednesday .
Hong Kong share prices closed 0.35 percent lower Thursday as the market consolidated recent gains , dealers said .
Kilmarnock drew 1 - 1 at home to Hearts with Peter Leven opened the scoring for before the visitors ' Dennis Wyness equalised .
After securing the PLO leadership , Arafat began an odyssey that saw him wind alestinian territory in July 1994 and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize along with Israeli premier Yitzhak Rabin and foreign minister Shimon Peres .
Birmingham remain perched perilously above the relegation zone just seven days after the elation of their unexpected victory away to Liverpool .
NASIRIYAH , Iraq , Nov 13 - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Saturday that the US - led assault on the rebel city of Fallujah was nearing completion , despite claims by his security advisor that it has ended .
The US military estimates that more than 500 insurgents have been killed in the battle for Fallujah , a senior US defense official said Thursday .
The comments came after Iranian nuclear negotiators met in Tehran with the ambassadors of Britain , France and Germany to say whether Iran agreed to halt its uranium enrichment activities in order to avoid possible UN sanctions .
Norwich , meanwhile , slumped to the foot of the table after Blackburn and Southampton picked up good results .
Shopkeeper Taher , who also only gave one name , said there is no work in Samarra , where Iraqi and US forces launched a massive operation in early October to regain control of the city from insurgents .
Chelsea were knocked off the top before their game at Fulham later in the day , after Arsenal ended a run of two points from three games and condemned Tottenham to a fifth successive Premiership defeat .
Chinese share prices closed 0.38 percent higher Friday as petrochemical stocks benefited from lower oil prices while power companies found favour again , dealers said .
TGV high - speed trains which use a number of bridges in the area were rerouted to ordinary tracks as a precaution after Mistral winds gusted up to 140 kilometers per hour ( 87 mph ) .
The United States Thursday offered their condolences to the Palestinians for the death of their leader Yasser Arafat , and called on them to make strides toward peace during this transition period .
At the same time , television images from inside Fallujah showed tanks rolling over the ruins of buildings and smoke rising around mosques that became the centre of fierce clashes on Wednesday .
Leading pro - democracy legislator Emily Lau said Thursday that although the outcome was expected the democratic camp , which is a minority group in the Legislative Council , would continue to pursue democratic reforms .
A lab owned by US tobacco giant Philip Morris uncovered evidence in the early 1980s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public , a study published on Thursday charges .
The battalion 's executive officer , Major Tod Desgrosseilliers , said about 50 percent of Jolan had been cleared by marines after an initial high - speed march through the city by US forces .
Yasser Arafat was born Mohammed Abdel - Rawf Arafat al - Qudwa al - Hussaini , on August 4 , 1929 .
The Spanish ministry said the other suspect picked up by Dutch police and believed to have links to Akoudad is understood to have travelled to Barcelona in October 2003 to contact him but it remains unclear if he succeeded .
A French airforce Airbus plane was to due to transport the body to Cairo around 6:00 pm ( 1700 GMT ) after a 40-minute ceremony at the airport led by French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin .
Hours later the president of the German Triathlon Union ( DTU ) , Klaus Muller - Ott , confirmed the information and said that Kraft had actually confessed to the offence .
Two French warships left the Mediterranean port of Toulon on Wednesday with 350 marines and equipment on board en route for the Ivory Coast , the navy said .
Vietnamese President Tran Duc Luong arrives in Brazil Tuesday with a large Vietnamese trade and government delegation on a two - day visit aimed at building trade between the countries , the Brazilian Foreign Ministry said Saturday .
He beat each plus Slam winners Juan Carlos Ferrero and Andy Roddick before routing Agassi in the final .
Bobby Cox , who led the Atlanta Braves to a 13th straight division title , was the runaway winner of the National League Manager of the Year Award announced on Wednesday by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America .
A national guardsman was also killed and four others the rebel stronghold west of Baghdad begun by US and Iraqi forces on Monday .
" We have canceled 50 flights so far , but the figure could go up during the day , " spokesman Troels Rasmussen told AFP .
Balaji emphasised that this year would for the first time see the number of new AIDS cases exceeding 100 per million of the population .
Sayako , 35 , who is also known as Princess Nori , will become a commoner upon her marriage according to imperial household law .
Thirty - four years younger than Arafat , the French - educated daughter of a wealthy Palestinian Christian couple first met the man who was to become her husband 20 years ago when she was a student at the Sorbonne .
- Felix Houphouet - Boigny , president of Ivory Coast , died at the age of 88 on December 7 1993 after 33 years in power .
Just one of those figured on the kingdom 's 26-strong most - wanted list issued last December .
Militants vowed Thursday to avenge what they called Israel 's " murder " of Yasser Arafat , as four Palestinians were killed during a major Israeli security clampdown on the occupied territories .
A combination of sloppy handling and spirited Japanese defence prevented the Scots from adding to their tally until the midway stage of the first half .
Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo said Wednesday that calm would return to the country within days after a wave of anti - French mob violence swept through the main city Abidjan .
" In light of the investigation by the police and the national prosecutor 's office into the PKK , a camp site was searched this morning in Liempde .
After the launch of the Darfur rebellion early last year , the government unleashed Arab militias in a bloody clampdown in which some 70,000 people have died and 1.4 million more been driven from their homes , according to UN estimates .
Malbranque then needlessly gave away the free - kick that led to Chelsea 's opener 10 minutes later when he fouled fellow French midfielder Claude Makelele .
" The convoy entered Fallujah , just now , it happened five minutes ago , " Ferdus al - Ibadi said mid - afternoon .
The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .
In the first 10 months of the year , industrial or wholesale prices rose 5.8 percent , compared with a growth rate of 5.5 percent in the first nine months , and 5.2 percent from January to August .
At least 250,000 people will directly benefit from the aid over the next 18 months , it said .
Japanese wholesale prices in October rose 1.9 percent from a year earlier , the highest increase in nearly 14 years , on surging prices of oil and other raw materials , the Bank of Japan said Thursday .
The French army 's top doctor Christian Estripeau announced that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died Thursday at 0230 GMT .
McMillan , who only arrived late Wednesday as cover for ill captain Stephen Fleming , came into the side after Nathan Astle pulled out with a niggling back injury .
Hong Kong share prices closed the Friday morning session 1.14 percent higher following a sharp fall in crude oil prices overnight and continuing institutional interest in HSBC , dealers said .
The United States will send Assistant Secretary of State William Burns to the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo on Friday , a Sncy reported Thursday .
The Aussies made them pay shortly after as Giteau converted a penalty for Fabien Pelous not releasing the ball after a crunching tackle by Phil Waugh .
Urban consumer prices rose 3.7 percent year - on - year in October , while rural CPI was up 5.4 percent , the NBS said .
A judge has to approve the prosecution before it can proceed .
Seven months later , Sharon sparked widespread international condemnation in April when he declared Arafat " a marked man " as other Israeli officials kept up their campaign of intimidation with further calls for his expulsion .
According to CNN television , Cheney , who has a long history of heart problems , has been suffering from a cold in recent days and was taken to George Washington University Hospital for tests .
April 1951 - Jordan 's King Abdullah annexes the West Bank .
The deal , announced just as the opening salvo in the trial was set to be fired in a Los Angeles courtroom , allows the charitable fund to relaunch its operations , frozen in July 2003 as the lawsuit menaced its future .
US army troops surrounded the Sunni Muslim town of Hawijah late Thursday and imposed a curfew after eight people were wounded in clashes with resistance fighters , a local police spokesman said .
Powell will head to Egypt directly from Santiago , where he will attend ministerial meetings on November 17 and 18 , followed by the November 19 - 21 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit .
Acting on the orders of Allawi after weeks of heavy US aerial and artillery bombardment , thousands of marines and Iraqi troops stormed Fallujah late Monday in an assault dubbed Operation Dawn .
In May , Israel allowed him to pay a brief visit to the West Bank towns of Jenin and Bethlehem , before tanks again surrounded the Muqataa in June as bulldozers dug into the already battered compound for another two days .
The office said the number of unemployed rose 3.3 percent from a month earlier to 772,000 in October , while the number of employed rose 0.4 percent month - on - month to 22.90 million .
King Hussein and Arafat were awkwardly reconciled after the Black September onslaught but mistrust between them lingered and waned only when political interests brought them together .
A Nigerian court on Thursday declared illegal a planned general strike over fuel prices , dramatically raising tensions less than a week before the nationwide protest is due to begin .
The government this week urged owners to surrender their cars as quickly as possible , and said those that handed them over would not be prosecuted , an official spokesman said .
Cars honking their horns clogged the streets as news spread like wildfire that the man who had represented the Palestinian cause for over four decades had finally passed away in a French military hospital .
The three plus another leader leave Ramallah for Paris after at first threatening to cancel their visit over Suha 's remarks .
Ochoa , last year 's Rookie of the Year , has 18 top-10 finishes in 25 tournaments in 2004 .
Later on Thursday , the Royal British Legion will stage a flypast and drop 1.3 million poppy petals above the River Thames in central London .
Pictures Australia - economy - jobs , lead SYDNEY Australian unemployment falls to a record low but analysts warn the powerhouse economic performance will increase pressure to lift interest rates early next year .
The main indexes resumed a rally that led to strong post - election gains last week , but had stalled with three sluggish sessions this week .
The locksmith became suspicious , however , after the man reached for the shop 's display counters , grabbing a handful of fountain pens and watches -- among them a Rolex .
The United Daily News , quoting unidentified Chinese defense sources , said Chen 's official Air Force One plane had been heading for Penghu , an island group in the strait , on September 27 when it was targeted by the warplanes from China .
" In the trenches , we ate at night so as not to see the worms on the meat , " he said in an interview . "
Yuvraj and Ganguly then applied themselves well to ensure their team did not squander the advantage provided by the Sehwag - Laxman stand .
The euro rallied for technical reasons shortly after the release of official data showing the US trade deficit was unexpectedly cut to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .
Aristide left the country February 29 amid an armed insurrection .
Pakistan 's first one - day cricket match in India in five years is more about ' building relations " than winning or losing , visiting captain Inzamam - ul - Haq said on Thursday .
But even after the last building is cleared and the ghost - like city is finally reopened to civilians , Malay believes insurgents will return to the community , which has come to symbolise Iraq 's Sunni Muslim insurgency .
England defender Ledley King rose above the Arsenal defence to narrow the deficit in the 74th minute .
" Investors might have been influenced by caution ahead of parliamentary elections ( next month ) , " Yu said .
Robinson 's promotion to captain only came after star fly - half Jonny Wilkinson , Andy Robinson 's original choice to succeed the Test - retired Lawrence Dallaglio , was forced out with an arm injury .
China - economy - inflation BEIJING : China 's inflation rate eased sharply in October as government efforts to slow the economy began to really bite , with price rises for food , one of the main culprits , showing some signs of slowing , official data showed .
Nader , who this year drew about one percent of the vote nationally , told a press conference Wednesday he was speaking out for the " thousands " of US voters asking for recounts and not on his own behalf .
The yen firmed sharply against the dollar and euro in volatile Asian trade Friday as investors looked past much weaker - than - expected Japanese growth data to focus on still solid consumer spending , dealers said .
The Swiss President Joseph Deiss on Thursday paid tribute to Yasser Arafat 's " open and charismatic " personality following the death of the Palestinian leader .
" But as to when the next round of talks will be held , the DPRK also expressed that it wanted to see what moves the US makes on the DPRK following the elections , before it makes a final decision . "
" Arafat has done his duty as a defender of the Palestinian cause , with courage and honesty , " Egypt 's top Muslim cleric , Grand Sheikh of Al - Azhar Mohammed Sayed Tantawi said during funeral prayers .
" The death of Arafat could mark a historic turning point for the Middle East , " Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told Israeli radio following the death of Arafat at age 75 in a French military hospital .
Olympic bronze medallists Jens Eriksen and Mette Schjoldager of Denmark took the China Open mixed doubles badminton title on Saturday after a marathon final against China 's Chen Qiqiu and Zhao Tingting .
World number one Lindsay Davenport cruised past Elena Dementieva of Russia 6 - 0 , 6 - 1 here Wednesday in round - robin play at the three million - dollar WTA Tour Championships .
Six minutes later Lewsey - just one of four survivors from the team that started the World Cup final - had his second try when he gathered Hodgson 's superbly weighted crossfield kick .
The official mascot for the 2006 World Cup in Germany will be a lion called ' Goleo VI ' it was revealed here on Saturday .
The last edition four years ago was captured by Frenchman Michel Desjoyeaux in 93 days , four hours , 57 minutes and 32 seconds as he beat home Englishwoman Ellen MacArthur .
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder sent his condolences to the Palestinian people over the death of their leader Yasser Arafat Thursday as Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said his passing marked " the end of an era " .
Pfizer said an analysis published earlier this year in the American Journal of Therapeutics found no increased risk of cardiac problems associated with short - and intermediate - term treatment with Bextra .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's personal organisation to spearhead development activities in Africa issued a call Thursday for massive international cooperation to assist the continent .
" However , an increased risk was found at amounts above 200 IU per day and significant risk of death was found starting at 400 IU a day , " said the report published by the American Heart Association .
Only last year , his government issued a statement insisting that " there was no Holocaust " in Romania -- triggering a pained protest from the country 's Jewish and Roma populations and causing a diplomatic breach with Israel .
Foreign critics have long argued that the yuan 's decade - old peg to the dollar has now left the Chinese currency seriously undervalued , giving Chinese exporters an unfair advantage in global markets .
Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi will make a three - day visit to Cuba from November 24 for talks with President Fidel Castro , after attending the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit in Chile , officials said Sunday .
The top French soldier in Ivory Coast has confirmed that women were raped in anti - French violence that has erupted in the volatile west African nation over the last week .
Last month 's rate hike came after statistics showed September CPI was up 5.2 percent year - on - year , following 5.3 percent increases in July and August .
The defence ministry confirmed later on Wednesday that a soldier from the Black Watch regiment stationed at the camp had been wounded in a separate incident .
Qaddumi , the long - time politburo chief of the Palestine Liberation Organisation , was appointed head of Fatah after Yasser Arafat 's death Thursday .
Russia 's upper house of parliament on Wednesday refused to support a bill banning the public consumption of beer , sending the legislation back to the lower house for further study .
The deaths brought the total number of people killed since the beginning of the intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 to 4,575 , including 3,540 Palestinians and 961 Israelis , according to an AFP count .
Portugal and Spain agreed at a summit earlier this year to start running a long - delayed unified power market before June 2005 , known as Mibel , and Lisbon is eager to get approval for the merger before that then .
The head coaching appointment is expected to be known next week .
Meanwhile urban consumer prices rose by 3.7 percent year - on - year in October , while the rural CPI was up 5.4 percent during the same period , the bureau said .
Uzbekistan became a key ally of Washington following the September 11 terror attacks when it provided a major airbase for US use in its military campaign against the extremist Taliban regime in neighbouring Afghanistan .
Italian defence and aeronautics group Finmeccanica said Thursday net profit was stable in the third quarter although the company 's underlying earnings and sales showed a solid increase .
Wirayuda was expected to return to Indonesia later Friday .
An Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off shortly after , airport officials said , with the third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .
German engineering conglomerate MAN said Thursday it expected full - year earnings to grow by more than 70 percent this year after it performed better than expected in the third quarter .
BASF , the world 's leading chemicals maker , published Thursday better - than - expected third - quarter earnings , with strong demand and higher prices offsetting the negative effects of surging oil prices .
Talks on many of the agreements began during Lula 's visit to China in May. In aerospace , the two countries have a joint project called the China - Brazil Earth Research Satellite ( Cbers ) .
After a few weeks in the trenches , the soldiers had nothing more than a shirt and a pair of ragged trousers .
The radical Islamist movement Hamas offered its condolences Thursday after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who has died in a hospital near Paris , a statement sent to AFP said .
" Perhaps by the mid - century , this route will be used because the other routes do have some security elements , " said Lawson Brigham , the deputy director and Alaska office director of the US Arctic Research Commission .
Arafat died in the early hours of Thursday in a French military hospital near Paris .
Australian Prime Minister John Howard lauded sacrifice and patriotism Thursday as he marked the armistice that ended World War I in the shadow of ongoing coalition battles in Iraq .
" I regret that a few , including some close to President Laurent Gbagbo , have in the past few days used very violently anti - French slogans , violent xenophobia on a broader basis , which led to the excesses we have seen . "
Lebanon has declared a three - day official mourning period during which flags will be flown at half - mast and media outlets would alter " normal programming due to this painful event , " said a cabinet memorandum .
Japan on Friday summoned a Chinese diplomat after identifying a submarine that intruded its waters as Chinese .
NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said on Saturday the transatlantic military organisation could no longer limit itself to defending its own member countries against attack , but would have to face up to threats further away from home .
It was a similar story at the start of the second period when Gomarsall found Hodgson who , with the Canada defence drifting too early , ran through a huge gap .
The body of Yasser Arafat was to be flown out of Paris Thursday for Cairo after French President Jacques Chirac paid his last respects to the 75-year - old Palestinian leader , officials said .
By 17 , Arafat was running guns to Palestinian groups fighting the creation of a Jewish state as the British mandate in Palestine crumbled after the end of World War II .
The UN is organizing presidential , legislative and local elections in Haiti next year , after months of civil unrest .
If Mauresmo wins this week , she has a chance of grabbing the year - end number one spot , and her victory over Zvonareva was an impressive start .
Until now , the unit had been expected to break even only before substantial restructuring charges .
Calmy - Rey will attend the funeral service for the late Palestinian leader in Cairo , Egypt on Friday , foreign ministry spokesman Alessandro Delprete said .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrives in Washington on Thursday and the post - Arafat era in the Middle East is expected to dominate his talks with Bush on Friday , alongside the Iraq conflict .
A late surge gave New Zealand a 24 - 20 win over France in their rugby league Test match here on Thursday .
An hour earlier , following the first announcement by Palestinian ministers of his death , official cars and police vehicles had flooded in to the hospital in Clamart , a suburb of Paris , as police manned the entrances .
Dutch insurer Aegon posted third - quarter results Thursday that exceeded analysts ' expectations thanks to higher - than - expected capital gains .
Last week , a big roundup led to a riot in an Eritrean prison which killed some 20 people , said several sources , including diplomats in Asmara , who asked not to be named .
Prices rose after the US Department of Energy said crude oil inventories increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .
" What we will be doing with communities is saying -- Where do you want to be in 20 years ?
South Korea 's central bank on Thursday lowered its key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points to 3.25 percent in a bid to boost the sluggish economy , officials said .
It was Rangers ' first victory against Celtic since March 2003 and McLeish is confident his side can complete a double over the champions when the two sides meet in the league on November 20 .
The Lord Mayor will have the privilege of living for one year in the sumptous " Mansion House , strategically situated opposite the Bank of England and the old Royal Stock Exchange .
Belarus conceded on Thursday that mercenaries from the former Soviet republic may be in strife - torn Ivory Coast , where they have been accused of piloting planes that carried out a fatal attack on French peace - keepers .
US Federal Reserve policymakers on Wednesday , heartened by an upturn in new jobs in October , increased key short - term interest rates to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent .
Konchesky and Euell , two minutes from time , added insult to injury and Norwich 's misery was compounded by Green going off injured in the second half and having two goals ruled out for offside .
" The country , therefore , is likely to stock out before the next harvest in 2005 , " said the committee chairman and ruling party lawmaker , Daniel Mackenzie Ncube , in a presentation to parliament .
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , who will attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , expressed his " deepest condolence for the loss of a Palestinian leader , a man who was also close to the hearts of the Indonesian people " .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin said late Wednesday that 1,300 of the 14,000 French nationals residing in Ivory Coast had signed up to leave the country after a wave of xenophobic violence and vandalism swept through Abidjan since Saturday .
Yasser Arafat 's official funeral will begin Friday inside a military compound on the outskirts of Cairo , in what will be a brief and solemn ceremony attended by scores of world leaders but closed to the public .
The issue will be even more prominent following the death early Thursday morning of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a Paris hospital .
A number of Taiwan 's air force jets were scrambled after some of the rival warplanes had passed the hypothetical middle line of the strait , the 150-kilometer ( 95-mile ) wide waterway separating the two rivals , it added .
Foreign ministry spokesman Marty Natalegawa told AFP his department had received from their Dutch counterparts details of the study on the body of Munir , who passed away in September on a jet bound for Amsterdam .
Gamal Awad , one of Egypt 's most successful squash players of the 1970s and 80s , died suddenly at his home here late Wednesday , the Professional Squash Association ( PSA ) said .
Britain - US - rights - report LONDON : The United States faced rare criticism over human rights from close ally Britain on Wednesday , with an official British government report taking Washington to task over concerns about Iraq and the Guantanamo Bay jail .
Straw , who will represent Britain at Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , said the " best tribute " to the Palestinian leader would be greater international efforts to secure Middle East peace .
Pfizer confirmed changes to its Croatian management team last week but refused to discuss " internal personnel decisions " .
Slovakia joined the pan - European bloc on May 1 along with nine other mostly former Communist nations .
A fire ripped through a hostel in the remote southern Siberian town of Kyzyl early Wednesday , killing at least 19 people , Russian news agencies reported citing emergency ministry officials .
Iran wants the incentives to be delivered before a long - term agreement is concluded and also for suspension to be limited to six months and for certain enrichment activities to still be allowed , diplomats said .
In 1970 Arafat headed a 40,000-strong army of fedayeen guerrillas , ruling over a state within a state in Jordan , where nearly half of its current 5.3 million population is of Palestinian origin .
Brazil - China BRASILIA : Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva took heat from industry this weekend for recognizing China as a market economy , the latest move in a deepening relationship between the two nations .
Kashmir is in the grip of a 15-year - old insurgency against Indian rule that has left thousands dead so far .
" I just think we 've just opened a huge can of worms and it 's something we might pay the price for later on , " said Warne 's coach Terry Jenner .
Croatian President Stipe Mesic said Thursday that a peaceful solution to the Middle East crisis would be the best tribute to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
" For the first 40 minutes we started pretty well , but we were hit by ( French outside - half Frederic ) Michalak 's try before half time ... That was the killer blow . "
An EU - Russia summit , which had been postponed earlier this month , has now been scheduled for November 25 in The Hague , the Dutch presidency of the EU announced Thursday .
Immediately following the announcement early Thursday that Arafat had died in a French hospital , the Israeli army began deploying reinforcements around towns and Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
Iran - nuclear - IAEA VIENNA : The UN atomic energy agency has postponed until Monday the release of a report on Iran 's nuclear program as EU officials pursue attempts to persuade Iran to suspend uranium enrichment and avoid possible UN sanctions .
Kazakhstan has arrested 17 Al - Qaeda - linked gang members involved in a series of attacks in neighbouring Uzbekistan that left more than 50 people dead earlier this year , a Kazakh security official said on Thursday .
Putin will fly to Ukraine ahead of the second round runoff between pro - Moscow candidate Viktor Yanukovich and his pro - Western challenger Viktor Yushchenko , scheduled for November 21 .
Nevertheless , the Kuwaiti cabinet on October 31 wished the Palestinian leader " a speedy recovery , " two days after he was taken from his West Bank headquarters in Ramallah for hospital treatment in France .
Thousands marched through the streets of Ramallah , chanting : " With our soul , with our blood , we will support you Abu Ammar " , while thousands more filled the streets of Gaza , turning the air pitch black with smoke from burning tires .
Crisis talks in Pretoria were to resume Friday morning in the absence of President Thabo Mbeki , who was bound for Cairo to attend funeral services for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
They even took the toilets , " laments Babette , who after years running the Pierrot bakery in Ivory Coast 's main city Abidjan , waits impatiently with hundreds of other French nationals to be evacuated from the violence - wracked country .
Robinson , the first former rugby league player to captain England in union , had his treble wrapped up inside 50 minutes and was then promptly substituted by new England coach Andy Robinson .
Russian officials said Thursday that at least 20 people had died in a fire which engulfed a hostel in a remote Siberian town the day before , news agencies reported .
Bogatyryov disappeared along with the six others after meeting Kaitov to discuss their differences over the factory , reports said .
In the coming months , the report will be analysed by the Egyptian , French and US parties involved and a final report determining the cause of the crash is expected to be issued in June 2005 .
That presence has been violently challenged in the past week by forces loyal to Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo .
" We 're on our way to respectability after last week , but it 's only a small step . "
The arrests were conducted jointly by US and Iraqi national guards during the weekly Friday prayers , the statement said .
Pierre - Alain Frau set triple champions Lyon up nicely a minute into the second half when he pounced on a weak backpass by Nantes ' Alexander Viveros to keeper Mickael Landreau .
European football 's governing body has authorised the use of artificial pitches for its competitions , UEFA 's executive committee ruled on Wednesday .
From 64 new AIDS cases in Singapore in 1993 , the government expects more than 300 new cases this year and in excess of 1,000 in 2010 .
The number of victims is likely to rise in coming weeks , she told AFP on the sidelines of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 's annual conference .
Known for being better at speaking than fighting , the Qaddumi took up the reins of Palestinian diplomacy in 1974 and was the voice of the Palestinian cause abroad for nearly 20 years .
The Aussies rebounded from early French pressure to take the lead as Matt Giteau converted a penalty after Fabien Pelous was penalised for not releasing the ball after a crunching tackle by Phil Waugh .
600 words moved by Anusak Konglang Pakistan - Afghanistan - attack - Qaeda , lead WANA , Pakistan Up to 40 suspected militants have been killed by Pakistani troops hunting Al - Qaeda fighters in a rugged region bordering Afghanistan this week , a senior military official says .
Japan on Thursday raised with North Korea the reclusive state 's nuclear program and stalled talks to solve the standoff as senior officials of the two countries met in Pyongyang .
Samuel Kaalu , spokesman of the Nigeria Football Association ( NFA ) , said Thursday that Italy - based Stephen Makinwa , Dolphin goalkeeper Chijoke Ejiogu and Paul Obiefule of Danish club Viborg have been called up .
A mosque in Belgium was hit by an " explosive substance " in an attack that may have been linked to a wave of anti - Islamic incidents in the Netherlands , Belga news agency reported Wednesday .
Japan , after initial caution about blaming its neighbor and growing competitor , on Friday summoned a top Chinese diplomat in Tokyo to demand an apology .
At least four people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in an eastern district of the Iraqi capital late Wednesday , a police chief said .
President Jacques Chirac visited the hospital earlier Thursday to pay his last respects to Arafat , whose body was prepared for burial according to Muslim tradition .
" We 're making Singapore a difficult target , a hard target , so that people are aware that we 're always watchful , always vigilant , " Home Affairs Minister Wong Kan Seng said last week .
Pope John Paul II on Thursday said he shared in the pain of the Palestinian people over the loss of their leader Yasser Arafat and had prayed for him , the Vatican said .
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal on Saturday warned that Ivory Coast could be engulfed in chaos if French troops leave the west African country .
He had lain in a coma in a French military hospital outside Paris since the middle of last week .
Vanunu has said that he wants to leave Israel , where he is widely reviled as a traitor after not only lifting the lid on the country 's nuclear ambitions but also converting to Christianity .
Rangers dominated the first half and they should have scored after only four minutes .
The anti - French violence that boiled over at the weekend has left a knot of fear in her stomach .
The casket containing the soldier 's remains , which arrived here from the Somme in northern France Wednesday , was lowered slowly into the tomb as hundreds , including a large number of war veterans , stood watching in silence .
Oil prices held steady Thursday after surging the day before on worries over low stockpiles of US heating oil with winter fast approaching in key markets .
Phillips had been on for three minutes when he converted Jason Dodd 's free - kick to settle the south coast derby .
Five blasts struck Thailand 's Muslim - majority south within 24 hours , killing a Buddhist man and wounding 29 people , police said .
But PSG 's Branko Boskovic pulled one back in first half injury time , adding a second ten minutes after the break before Bernard Mendy popped up with the winner in the first minute of time added on .
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva took heat from industry this weekend for recognizing China as a market economy , the latest move in a deepening relationship between the two nations .
Aziz will attend the Palestinian leader 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , his spokesman told AFP .
The yen fell to 106.70 to the dollar from 106.50 earlier as the figures came through but then recovered strongly to trade at 105.96 in midday deals .
Iran insisted Saturday it has gone as far as it could to meet the demands of Europe and the rest of the international community over its nuclear activities , and said the ball was now in their court .
Arsenal substitute Robert Pires scored a fifth , but the Gunners endured a nervous last few minutes after Frederic Kanoute made it 5 - 4 with three minutes left .
But the three time French champions ' surgeon expressed his " bemusement " on hearing this week that their star striker had had a second operation in Germany last Friday without first clearing it with him .
Last month Prime Minister Phan Van Khai approved plans to develop the island , which is located 45 kilometres ( 28 miles ) off the country 's southwestern coast , into a high - quality tourism centre .
Yasser Arafat , the man who for decades embodied his people 's struggle for independence , died Thursday , plunging Palestinians into mourning but giving a glimmer of hope for Middle East peace .
United edged New England 4 - 3 after penalty kicks to reach the final , a game that helped Adu 's attitude after a strong rookie season in the United States league .
However she later denied that her marriage was on the rocks and called Yasser " the happiest of husbands " who sang " Frere Jacques " -- the only French song he knows -- to their daughter .
According to the newspaper Kraft has already admitted her guilt , and told the organiser of the Ironman in Germay , Kurt Denk , that she had done " something stupid " .
After decades of neglect , the Chinese World War I labourers have again aroused interest in France .
A 60-year - old Buddhist man was killed and at least 13 people injured Saturday in the latest two bomb blasts of a 24-hour wave of attacks in Thailand 's Muslim - majority south , police said .
The 71-year - old was then flown to the pilgrimage town of Kanchipuram , 70 kilometres ( 43 miles ) from Madras , in southern Tamil Nadu province , and appeared before a magistrate who ordered he be detained pending trial .
Urban consumer prices rose by 3.7 percent year - on - year in October , while the rural CPI was up 5.4 percent during the same period , the bureau said .
On March 29 , 2002 Israeli tanks rumbled into Ramallah and punched their way into the compound , kicking off a five - week siege , trapping Arafat in his offices without electricity or running water .
The key SP / ASX 200 index closed up 16.9 points or 0.4 percent at 3,863.3 , beating a record set Wednesday , while the broader All Ordinaries index also closed at a new high of 3,873.6 , up 15.9 points .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin spoke Wednesday of a " dollar crisis " after President Jacques Chirac urged the European Union to join the European Central Bank in " taking note of the consequences " of developments on exchange markets .
Rwanda 's Tutsi - led government , in power since July 1994 , has frequently accused Paris of having trained and armed those who carried out the genocide , who were mostly from the Hutu community that makes up 84 percent of Rwanda 's population .
Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday that 1,300 French nationals were voluntarily being evacuated from Ivory Coast following several days of anti - French mob violence .
A failed conference in Egypt 's resort of Taba in January 2001 was the last time Yasser Arafat was involved in the quest for Middle East peace on the world stage .
The Federal Reserve lifted its target interest rate for the fourth time this year , to two percent , and said it would continue with a measured pace of hikes .
His body was due to be flown out to his West Bank headquarters in the city of Ramallah where it will be buried in the afternoon .
The emirate has refused to mend fences with the Palestinians before an official apology from Arafat , who was accused of supporting Saddam 's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 and subsequent seven - month occupation .
Blackburn Rovers boss Mark Hughes feels his side are finally on the right track after watching them come from behind and rescue a point at Manchester City on Saturday .
Two American nationals were jailed in Vietnam for illegally trying to smuggle 105,00 dollars in cash out of the communist nation , a court official said Thursday .
Arafat 's death was announced by officials in Ramallah and at the French military hospital on the outskirts of Paris where he had been lying in a coma since the middle of last week .
At least nine people plus the bomber died , many burnt alive , when a car bomb exploded in a Baghdad traffic jam Thursday as attacks across Sunni areas of central and northern Iraq wounded more than 80 .
Police caught up with the thief the following day , and recovered part of the loot from his home in a nearby town .
The original photo was reportedly published in the Bubka magazine of Core Magazine Co. last year .
Dealers said National Australia Bank made gains despite Wednesday 's poor annual profit report after a promise to maintain dividends and on the view it is on the recovery path .
Santini took White Hart Lane and the Premiership by surprise on November 5 when he announced he was stepping down and heading back to France " for personal reasons " after barely four months in charge .
World leaders voiced hope Thursday that the death of Yasser Arafat would give fresh impetus to the moribund Middle East peace process , but were divided over the Palestinian leader 's legacy amid fears of violence in the days ahead .
" But when they make inroads they are very good at finishing off their breaks , so first - up tackles are hugely important on Saturday and are something we have concentrated on in training this week . "
" Economic growth steamed ahead in the summer months as well , and exports have strengthened noticeably thanks to continued buoyant overseas demand . "
Iraq - US - Fallujah FALLUJAH , Iraq : US forces aim to control all of Fallujah by Saturday despite fierce fighting as they push deeper , an officer said , adding that they already command 75 percent of the rebel Iraqi enclave .
Pohamba , 69 , is expected to continue governing the country the same way as Nujoma , who is to formally hand over power in March .
It also adjusted estimated growth in gross domestic product ( GDP ) next year upwards by 0.1 percentage point to 2.8 percent .
Barely had the flares let off by the home fans fizzled out when Marseille pulled further ahead thanks to a 40th - minute penalty awarded when PSG defender Mario Helder pulled Bamago to the ground in the box .
After visiting the province earlier this month , Widodo said GAM remained a potent force which required the government to maintain troops in the resource - rich but impoverished province on the tip of Sumatra island .
A full - fledged funeral attended by the world 's leaders also appeared impossible in the Palestinian territories , where tough restrictions have been imposed by Israel during the four - year - old uprising .
Israel announced that Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom would travel to Washington Saturday night for talks with Secretary of State Colin Powell that were tentatively scheduled for Monday .
For the week to November 12 , the KOSPI index rose 16.59 points or 1.8 percent to 876.67 .
Al Jenabi , an Iraqi national , was extradited from Thailand in February 2003 and has been convicted and sentenced to eight years imprisonment .
On Wednesday , armed gangs attacked the governor 's office , the state electoral agency , parliament and lawmakers homes .
In a statement updating its travel advisory , the Foreign Office said Britons in Abidjan should gather in the morning at either the British ambassador 's residence or at " the CHC office " opposite the Hotel Mali .
The incident came after the two rivals failed to find an agreement over the results of an October 3 vote in the region , which has effectively become a Russian protectorate and does not recognize Georgia 's rule .
But the Bank of Korea has been under pressure for a rate cut to prop up the sagging economy after it left it unchanged at 3.5 percent for a second straight month in October amid fears of inflation .
The US Major League Baseball wants to host the first edition of what is tentatively named a Super World Cup in March 2006 and which is expected to draw top professional players from 16 countries .
A Spanish military plane on Wednesday flew some 120 people , including 45 Spaniards , out of crisis - torn Ivory Coast , foreign ministry sources said .
Health Minister Tony Abbott , who once trained to become a Catholic priest , has spoken of an " abortion epidemic " in Australia and his deputy Christopher Pyne last week called for a ban on terminations after 21 weeks .
Two bombs exploded early Saturday in a military mountain refuge in the Pyrenees in northern Spain where leaflets from the Basque separatist group ETA were later found , officials said .
" I enjoy playing against New Zealand and Pakistan ... they 've been two countries ( against whom ) I 've had a lot of success with the ball , but also with the bat , " Warne said here on Thursday .
" I was a bit disappointed that I never won the tournament in my home town , " said Chen after the match in the southern city of Guangzhou .
US Vice President Dick Cheney was taken to the hospital Saturday for treatment after experiencing shortness of breath , US media reported .
North Korea reneged on an agreement to show up at six - nation negotiations scheduled for September , following three inconclusive earlier rounds .
Bulloch grinned : " It was n't a bad day to be a captain !
Gruesome murders , including serial killings , have become more common in recent years , with some blaming the increase in violent crimes on growing economic disparity and loosening social controls .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Thursday blamed " hate media " for fuelling the political violence in the troubled Ivory Coast and appealed to all parties for calm .
In March , the EU , backed by a WTO ruling , started imposing multi - million - dollar duties on designated US imports until Washington annuls tax breaks granted to American firms operating through offhsore havens under the Foreign Sales Corporation ( FSC ) law .
Workers involved in a major expansion program at Beijing Capital International Airport have unearthed a bone from an elephant that roamed the area 30,000 years ago , state media reported Thursday .
Japan on Friday summoned a Chinese diplomat after determining that a nuclear submarine that intruded its waters near a disputed gas field and set off a high - seas chase came from its giant neighbor .
A Congolese government minister delivered an impassioned condemnation of the illegal traffic in diamonds Saturday , saying it damaged the economies of central African countries and fostered bad relations .
Claiming to be the owner of a jewellery store a few blocks away , a 30-year - old man called in at the police station in Enghien - les - Bains , a small town northwest of Paris , at around midnight on Saturday last week .
Bush and Blair were optimistic Friday about reviving the Middle East peace process following Arafat 's death , but they were short on details about how to do it .
Underlying profits , as measured by earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT ) , would also show " double - digit percentage growth " this year , E.ON predicted .
The Times was more hopeful about future US engagement on the Middle East , noting that would be the main topic at the Bush - Blair summit Friday .
The security forces raided the vessel in the early hours of the day , shortly after the would - be illegal immigrants had started boarding the boat in a bay in the Mediterranean province of Antalya , local officials told Anatolia .
A more detailed breakdown of German GDP growth in the third quarter would be published on November 23 , Destatis said .
Her nameless captors had threatened to hand her over to Zarqawi 's group , by a November 4 deadline unless Britain pulled its troops out of Iraq .
The men from the second battalion of the 7th Cavalry Regiment received the order at midnight Tuesday ( 2100 GMT ) to secure the eastern side of two bridges ove debacle at the Battle of the Little Bighorn .
The first quake on the island of Alor , 1,000 kilometres ( 620 miles ) east of the resort isle of Bali struck at about 4:26 am Jakarta time ( 2126 GMT Thursday ) , meteorology officials said .
Federer , 69 - 6 this year , has won 18 matches in a row against top-10 foes , a streak that began here a year ago .
Washington , which sent its special Middle East envoy William Burns to the funeral , has backed every Israeli move to sideline Arafat over the past three years .
" We are yet to receive tickets from SAFA for the players and this is a big problem as we had planned that all the players arrive in South Africa latest Monday .
" We started the match well enough , although we conceded two goals because of stupid mistakes , " said Mendy after scoring his first goal at the Marseille Velodrome .
A US soldier was shot dead in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Thursday , where US forces had conducted air and ground attacks on suspected rebel targets , the military said on Friday .
After a two - day fight , US - led forces withdrew from Samarra under an agreement to turn security over to Iraqi authorities .
Congo was denied membership of the Kimberley process in July because it could not explain the difference between its declared production of 50,000 carats and its exports , estimated at between three and five million carats .
Overall since May the euro has gained six percent against the dollar .
It has started now and it will go ahead till two o'clock ( pm ) today UK and local time . "
Nine youths aged from 16 to 20 were convicted of raping the girl in August 2003 , while another teenage girl was given 12 years for helping arrange the crime , the Beijing Daily Messenger reported .
Pictures SAfrica - ICoast,2ndlead PRETORIA Ivory Coast opposition leaders meet with President Thabo Mbeki , who is leading an African Union bid to defuse the crisis in the former French colony , engulfed in fighting for the past week .
Iraqi officials have said that at least two - thirds of the residents left before the fighting .
Five women were killed in a stampede at New Delhi 's main railway station Saturday as hordes of passengers tried to board a train bound for eastern India , a railway spokesman said .
Foreign ministers from Albania , Bosnia - Hercegovina , Croatia , ( the former Yugoslav Republic of ) Macedonia ( FYROM ) and Serbia - Montenegro will attend the meeting , to be held on the Brijuni Islands in the Adriatic Sea Friday and Saturday .
In theory , elections have to be held within 60 days of Arafat 's death when other candidates who do command a strong personal following -- such as the jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti -- could upset the applecart .
M0 , which measures cash in circulation , climbed 10 percent on a yearly basis .
In sombre ceremonies , world leaders and war veterans paid tribute to their war dead Thursday on the anniversary of the end of World War I , a conflict remembered only by a rapidly dwindling band of survivors .
Meanwhile thousands of people took to the streets of Berlin , Geneva , Paris and Rome Saturday to protest against Israel 's construction of a separation barrier and the situation of Palestinians on the occasion of Jerusalem Day .
El Salvador 's president , Elias Antonio Saca , and the man he beat in an election in March , former guerrilla , Schafik Handal , are both of Palestinian descent .
Simon Tam , senior sales manager at Kim Eng Securities , said further gains for banking giant HSBC should push shares higher in the coming week .
India is ready to consider Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf 's new proposals on disputed Kashmir if they are made formally through diplomatic channels , Foreign Minister Natwar Singh said Saturday .
The White House was embarrassed earlier this year by the release of a Gonzales memo that said some provisions of the Geneva Conventions were " obsolete " and " quaint " .
On Wednesday , police used tear gas to break up a demonstration against the alleged rape in Srinagar , summer capital of the state , the fourth protest in as many days .
Trade between Brazil and China has increased 800 percent over the past 10 years , and in 2003 China became Brazil 's third - largest trading partner , behind the United States and Argentina .
Arafat renounced terrorism in December 1988 and recognized Israel 's right to exist , prompting the United States to end a 13-year ban on talks with the PLO .
" We will work to ensure all these firms shut down on December 2 , " a spokesman for rail workers union Sindefer , Jose Manuel Oliveira , told Portugese radio Radio Renascenca .
A flurry of penalties , as referee Glen Black clamped down on the Aussies ' holding - down tactics , enabled Britain to maintain the pressure and they went in front on 27 minutes when Reardon finished off Andy Farrell 's pass .
A US - Lebanese man working for Iraq 's transport ministry was kidnapped on November 3 from his house in Baghdad .
Yushchenko 's team at one stage threatened to contest the results of the first round vote , held on October 31 , since early figures showed Yanukovich leading by a wide margin .
In third - quarter results released Thursday , the airline 's loss before taxes and extraordinary items shrank to 28.8 million from 47.4 million in the same quarter last year .
Handelsblatt said the German giant would present a share repurchase programme for US investors to its shareholders at Siemens ' upcoming annual meeting on January 22 .
The military operation to regain control of Fallujah has ended and there are just " malignant " pockets of resistance left to clear up with more than 1,000 rebels killed , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
Local government authorities imposed a curfew on the flashpoint city of Mosul in northern Iraq on Wednesday , the fourth city in three days to receive such an order .
Japan summoned a Chinese diplomat Friday to protest the intrusion of a nuclear submarine which entered its waters and set off a two - day chase amid mounting tension between the Asian powers .
Monetary authorities in the Philippines said Thursday they were unlikely to follow the lead of the US Federal Reserve , which raised key short - term interest rates and signalled further small increases ahead .
The US Department of Homeland Security said Wednesday it was lowering the terrorism alert level for financial centers in New York and Washington , the object of terror threats earlier this year .
Fighter jets from China locked on to a plane carrying Taiwan President Chen Shui - bian during a trip over the Taiwan Strait , it was reported here Thursday .
Smith Barney equity strategist Tobias Levkovich raised his year - end target for the broad - market Standard and Poor 's 500 index to 1,075 from 1.025 , saying he was " recognizing reality " after the strong post - election rally .
US marine spokesman Lieutenant Lyle Gilbert , however , said that the largest military offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion still rumbled on .
Arafat " for decades led the fight to uphold the national interests of the Arab people of Palestine , " Alexis II said in a message to Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei .
" I have never heard any talk of of these weapons distributions , " he told AFP Saturday .
Xinhua news agency said separately that the commission is urging efficient management of electricity to ensure that supplies to households , agricultural producers and other key industries are not affected this winter and next spring .
The Bangladeshi president would travel to Cairo later Thursday to attend the funeral , the private UNB agency added .
The struggle for places in the African Confederation Cup final reaches an intriguing climax this weekend .
Australian share prices closed 0.4 percent higher Thursday , extending gains to post a 10th record finish in the past 13 sessions , dealers said .
Earlier this month , the government dramatically increased tensions by launching air raids against rebel targets , in the process killing nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .
Myers sought in a series of television interviews on the US Veterans Day holiday here to stress that the marines ' rapid advance through Fallujah did not mean the city had been abandoned by the rebels before the fight .
South Korean President Roh Moo - Hyun arrives here Sunday with a delegation of bankers and industrialists to explore business opportunities in Argentina before heading to a major international summit in Chile .
The Italians , who have never beaten the Kiwis in eight attempts , were 21 - 0 down inside the first eight minutes of Saturday 's match as the All Blacks ran in the first three of their nine tries .
National media in the troubled west African country have been filled with anti - French messages and calls for protesters to rampage in the streets after France wiped out almost all of the Ivory Coast air force on Saturday .
The two men also talked about the upheaval in Myanmar where prime minister Khin Nyunt was sacked last month during a power struggle within the top ranks of the military junta .
People here are still wary because we can still feel more aftershocks , " he said .
The nation 's shaky ceasefire was broken last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombarded positions in the rebel - held north .
Japan and North Korea issued a joint declaration after a September 2002 Pyongyang summit between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il calling for dialogue to resolve security problems .
Italy began Thursday to evacuate its nationals from violence - torn Ivory Coast , the foreign ministry said .
The school was completely destroyed Tuesday by the fire set by unknown arsonists who sprayed graffiti about the murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh .
Earlier this month , the government sent 3,000 troops to the Walunga region in a joint operation with MONUC to persuade the Rwandans to leave , a mission supported by foreign donor countries and other African nations .
We sent a letter ( to the authorities ) sometime ago explaining the rights that the local staff have and hope those rights will be respected , " she stressed .
Japanese share prices lost early gains and closed 1.35 percent lower Thursday after weaker - than - expected machinery orders data sparked concerns about the economic outlook ahead of third quarter growth figures due Friday , dealers said .
Southpaw Johan Santana of the Minnesota Twins was a unanimous selection here Thursday for Major League Baseball 's American League Cy Young award , becoming the first Venezuelan to be named a top pitcher .
The scenes were reminiscent of a frenzy of looting that swept through cities across Iraq following last year 's US - led invasion , the AFP reporter said .
He underwent angioplasty in November 2000 after suffering his fourth heart attack since 1978 .
Looters rampaged through a palace Saturday that had been used as a US base in Iraq 's third city of Mosul , after troops apparently left at dawn , an AFP correspondent said .
US - led military operations are proceeding well in the embattled Iraqi city of Fallujah , US President George W. Bush said Wednesday .
Defence Minister Geoff Hoon announced Tuesday that a company of Gurkhas from the British army was " pre - positioning " in Ghana , neighbouring Ivory Coast , to lead the evacuation using Royal Air Force planes .
CBK raised the discount rate in July by 0.25 percent , in August by 0.5 percent and in September by 0.25 percent following similar steps by the Federal Reserve .
Abbas may have kept out of the political limelight since his resignation in September 2003 after a series of bruising confrontations with Arafat , but he made sure to retain his deputy posts within Fatah and the PLO .
An own goal by PSG defender Stephane Pichot opened the scoring in favour of the hosts after six minutes of play .
Overnight , as the marines were trying to wind ever - so - slightly down after an exhausting , fear - filled day , a rebel ran out behind them firing an automatic weapon and threw a grenade .
US President George W. Bush is to come to Britain next February , when he will also travel to Brussels for talks with European Union and NATO officials , two newspapers in London reported Sunday .
The French kept up the pressure but Elissalde was unable to take the advantage when his penalty - awarded after Lote Tuqiri punched the ball over the deadball line with Heymans rushing in - drifted to the left .
Later Wednesday , Ivorian armed forces spokesman Lieutenant Coloneorhogo and Bouake in the rebel - held north announced by rebel leader Guillaume Soro .
Speaking ahead of the annual World War I armistice commemoration on November 11 , the Paris academic told AFP : " These men contributed to France 's war effort and have a right to be recognised as heroes of the conflict . "
A Spanish air force Boeing 707 , with a capacity for 160 passengers , was sparkling on the tarmac Wednesday afternoon in Abidjan before carrying off between 40 and 50 Spaniards and a smattering of other expatriates .
Hong Kong 's pro - democracy legislators Thursday vowed to continue to push for a meeting with Chinese leaders to urge a swift transition to full democracy in the former British colony .
Dolphin of Port Harcourt won the league in September and along with Enyimba will represent Nigeria in the CAF Champions League next year .
Indonesia 's cabinet has recommended extending a civil emergency in Aceh province where thousands have died since a major military offensive against separatists began 18 months ago , reports said Saturday .
Arafat died in the early hours on Thursday in a French military hospital close to Paris after slipping into a coma in the middle of last week .
For Canada , it was a second successive heavy defeat after their 51 - 6 reverse away to Italy last weekend .
Kraft faces a two - year ban following her positive test for EPO - a drug that boosts oxygen - rich red blood cells to improve stamina and recovery - and must also give back her 100,000 dollar prize money from Hawaii .
" The chairman of the African Union Commission will leave Addis Ababa today ( Thursday ) for Yasser Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , " said the spokesman , Adam Thiam .
The powerful sedative Rohypnol , which is 10 times stronger than Valium , takes effect only 15 minutes after ingestion .
In April , he was quoted in the London - based Al - Hayat newspaper as saying that the 40-year - old Dimona plant could constitute a " second Chernobyl " following a possible accident .
But his approach shot left him a 10-foot birdie chance , which he duly took , before sinking a five - foot putt for a third straight birdie .
The deteriorating situation in Ivory Coast could lead to a mass exodus of refugees that would destabilise neighbouring countries in west Africa , the UN refugee chief warned Wednesday .
The Croatian government adopted Thursday a 2005 budget bill with a deficit at 3.7 percent of gross domestic product , Finance Minister Ivan Suker said .
The ministers instructed officials to work towards wrapping up the negotiations by the end of November 2004 , " the statement said .
The country faced a 30,000 megawatt power shortage during the summer months -- the worst since the 1980s .
In Nigeria , a court on Thursday declared a planned general strike over fuel prices illegal , dramatically raising tensions less than a week before the nationwide protest is due to begin .
The French - drafted resolution would give the government and rebels 30 days to take steps on a peace accord or automatically face international sanctions , set for an initial period of one year .
Athens police said Thursday they had arrested a Greek citizen who pirated and sold a computer software programme , costing the multinational company that owned its copyright hundreds of million of dollars ( euros ) .
The UN Security Council , meanwhile , put off a vote on possible sanctions against Ivory Coast until Monday , after African nations asked to give mediators more time to resolve the country 's political crisis .
Ferguson and Graham Manou shared an aggressive sixth - wicket partnership of 127 in 28 overs , including 91 off 17 overs today , until Manou , SA 's captain , was caught behind for 81 off just 88 balls .
The Egyptian bid to secure a preferential agreement with the United States comes a month after a request from the Egyptian textile lobby .
The pound was at 1.8470 dollars from 1.8576 late on Tuesday .
Property stocks will be in focus next week following the decision by HSBC , Hang Seng Bank and Standard Chartered to cut prime rates which has helped improve sentiment towards the interest rate - sensitive sector , Tam said .
For Sharon , the ex - general known for his military prowess and nose for trouble , the 75-year - old Arafat , who virtually invented plane hijackings in the 1960s , was the father of international terrorism .
It came after the US Federal Reserve Wednesday increased interest rates to 2.0 percent .
President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam led India 's condolences Thursday on the death of Yasser Arafat , praising the Palestinian leader 's lifetime devotion to his people .
Southampton manager Steve Wigley breathed a sigh of relief after earning his first league victory at the 11th attempt in the 2 - 1 defeat of rivals Portsmouth .
US - led forces invaded Iraq one year later amidst claims about Baghdad 's alleged nuclear , biological and chemical weapons program , which turned out to be unfounded .
Britain began its evacuation of some 400 people " entitled to protection " by the British foreign office early Friday morning , a spokeswoman told AFP from London .
A month ago six civilians were killed in an ambush that police blamed on the Free Papua Organisation , which has been fighting a sporadic guerrilla war since Indonesia took over the undeveloped territory from Dutch colonizers in 1963 .
Antigua and Barbuda beat long odds Wednesday as the World Trade Organization confirmed its ruling that a ban in the United States on Internet gambling violates global trading rules .
Japan 's Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi offered condolences Thursday over the death of the Palestinians ' " pioneer " leader Yasser Arafat and hoped the push for peace in the Middle East would continue .
The home side were on level terms six minutes later through 18-year - old Dexter Blackstock 's first league goal for the South Coast club as he latched on to Beattie 's fluffed volley to score from 10 yards .
Iranian officials handed their reply on the proposed deal late Thursday to the three countries and to Javier Solana , the European Union 's foreign policy chief .
Presidential spokesman Bheki Khumalo said Mbeki would attend his state funeral in Cairo on Friday .
Funeral prayers are expected to be held at the Faisal mosque near Cairo international airport immediately after the last Friday prayers of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan .
The 430-page report , which was posted on the Internet at ( http://www.civilaviation.gov.eg/flash.pdf ) and presented to the press on Thursday , provides a second - by - second account of the facts recorded by the two black boxes of the Boeing 737 .
European stock markets rose strongly on Thursday , reversing earlier caution as dealers cheered the euro 's retreat from record high points against the dollar .
The US military says it significantly weakened Zarqawi 's base inside Fallujah with a precise and unrelenting campaign of airstrikes months before the start of the current operation .
However , Palestinian negotiations minister Saeb Erakat said earlier this week that once an Israeli - Palestinian peace is reached , Arafat 's body could be transferred to the Al - Aqsa compound .
We lost the ball a few before finishing with aplomb on the hour mark .
President Ion Iliescu Thursday said he accepted in the name of the state full responsibility for the murder of some 270,000 Romanian Jews during the World War II Holocaust .
The sources said the two men spent some two hours together at Zapatero 's office following a request by Argyros for a face to face sendoff .
Last year , China produced 1.7 billion tons of coal .
The dollar eased against the yen in Asian trade Thursday as Japanese exporters sold the currency but the market was cautious ahead of the release Friday of third quarter growth figures for Japan , dealers said .
Bush repeatedly made it clear that he did not consider that the man seen as the symbol of the Palestinian cause over the past four decades was instrumental to creating an independent state for them .
The US chamber of commerce organised a conference on the issue in Cairo Wednesday during a visit by a US congressional delegation .
The lightning struck the mine camp where the miners were having dinner late Wednesday in Colcas in the coastal Ancash province .
President Gbagbo on Saturday appointed Colonel Philipe Mangou to be new chief of staff replacing General Mathias Doue , who was to take up " other duties " .
Jones agreed , and was scathing of both his side 's inconsistency and inability to last out the full 80 minutes .
" It seems so unreal to me , looking at that room now and remembering how it was before .
The macabre discovery came as the military predicted it would regain control of Fallujah -- long of limits both to the US military and an epicentre of the insurgency -- by Saturday .
The Chinese president arrived here Thursday for a five - day visit aimed at boosting trade between the two countries .
South African mining giant Gold Fields lost a high court bid on Thursday to halt a hostile takeover by rival Harmony Gold , which is seeking to create the world 's biggest gold producer .
Even a set - to involving the spiky Mills and Brett Emerton failed to provide the spark that would galvanise Rovers in the second half .
Svetlana Kuznetsova did n't show the form that saw her win the US Open , but she was good enough Wednesday to win her opening round - robin match at the WTA Tour Championships against an erratic Vera Zvonareva .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair shrugged off criticism of his close alliance with US President George W. Bush on Thursday ahead of a visit to Washington , calling such links " part of the job " .
Former US president Bill Clinton paid a mixed tribute Thursday to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , whose " greatest moment , " he said , came in 1993 when he signed the Oslo peace accords .
Prices rose 4.1 percent for the nine months to September , following an increase of 3.6 percent in the first half and 2.8 percent in the first three months of the year .
American Serena Williams rallied from a set and two service breaks down on Wednesday to defeat French Open champion Anastasia Myskina in round - robin competition at the three million - dollar WTA Tour Championships .
The foreign ministers of Bosnia - Hercegovina and Serbia - Montenegro as well as representatives of seven NATO member - states -- Bulgaria , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Romania , Slovenia and Turkey -- joined the conference together with NATO officials later Saturday .
American Serena Williams won another close one Thursday at the WTA Tour Championships , beating Russian Elena Dementieva 7 - 6 ( 7/3 ) , 7 - 5 in round - robin play .
British troops have been placed on standby to go to the Ivory Coast in case they might be needed to evacuate British nationals from the violence - torn nation , officials in London said Wednesday .
Arafat , the 75-year - old who came to symbolise the Palestinian struggle for nationhood , was reported to be critically ill in late October at his Ramallah headquarters .
Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport welcomed a first Boeing 777 Wednesday evening packed with 270 people , mostly families with children and the more seriously injured , officials said .
Mitsubishi Tokyo , ranked second , and UFJ , the smallest of the big four , plan to merge before October 2005 to create the world 's biggest bank .
Most Palestinians living in Saudi Arabia , some 275,000 of them , were still at home when their leader was pronounced dead Thursday morning .
Hu was to meet with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Friday .
Five people died and several others were injured when a fire blazed through a crowded slum area in New Delhi early on Sunday , police said .
Rajapakse hosted Arafat in Colombo during his last visit here in March 1997 .
On Friday , Papadopoulos said he had invited the Turkish government for talks on contentious issues which could block Turkey 's four - decade quest to join the bloc .
We thought we could have won at least one Test match in South Africa earlier in the year and did n't really do ourselves justice over there .
The midfielder , who turns 24 on Friday , curled the ball Beckham - like into the top left hand corner of the goal , clipping Jerome Alonzo 's outstretched fingers on the way .
At the Black Watch headquarters in Perth , central Scotland , the regimental flag was at half - mast on Thursday in remembrance of five servicemen who have lost their lives in the last fortnight alone .
Long - awaited presidential , legislative and municipal elections in the occupied territories had been due to take place in early 2005 , but with Arafat 's death on Thursday the date for the presidential vote has been brought forward .
" Inflation is also seen slowing , which should be positive news in the long - term , " Zheng said , adding : " We need to keep on tracking the trend over the next few months to judge whether inflation is indeed easing or not . "
Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued fleeing Ivory Coast Saturday as an emergency summit on the violence - torn west African country was set to open in Nigeria .
" Gong is amazing and he played very well tonight , " said Gade , a former world number one .
The United States offered some encouragement in Bush 's statement of condolences after the death of the iconic Palestinian leader who has been marginalised during the Bush presidency .
Barghuti , the man regarded as the inspiration behind the Palestinian uprising , or intifada , was handed five life terms for murder by an Israeli court on June 6 .
Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono will attend the funeral for the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , an official said Thursday .
The identity of the second victim , believed to have been in his 20s , was not immediately clear .
Ivory Coast opposition leaders arrived in South Africa on Thursday for talks with President Thabo Mbeki , who is leading an African Union bid to defuse a crisis in the former French colony .
In a letter addressed to Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei , Mugabe paid tribute to Arafat , who died early Thursday , describing him as " a great hero of the Palestinian struggle for self - determination . "
At the battered Muqataa , final preparations were underway , with the grind of trucks and heavy earth - moving equipment rumbling through the night .
In the television interview , Powell reiterated the United States ' support for the internationally backed " roadmap " for peace , which calls for the creation of a Palestinian state next year .
Harry has already picked up his army - issue black boots during a familiarisation day at the college last week , and will report for duty carrying them , along with three combat uniforms and his own ironing board .
The Philippine central bank has kept its closely - watched overnight interest rates unchanged since mid-2003 despite increasing inflationary pressures caused by high oil prices and food supply bottlenecks .
Portuguese Finance Minister Antonio Bagao Felix was released Saturday from a hospital in northern Portugal one day after he was admitted after suffering a bout of hypertension , hospital officials said .
More than 200 foreigners have been kidnapped in Iraq since April by different militant groups and many have been beheaded .
The IAEA has been conducting routine inspections in Iran since February last year .
Mbeki travelled to Ivory Coast on Tuesday after being mandated by the AU to try and resolve the current crisis in the west African country where scores have been killed in renewed violence the past week .
France international Sidney Govou then wrapped up the three points a quarter of an hour later , Brazilian Juninho setting up the move with Govou 's angled shot foxing Landreau .
While Zvonareva made a hasty exit from the Staples Center court after the 67-minute encounter , the round - robin format means her week is not over .
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis in the Iraqi battle zone as a massive US led offensive against rebels entered its sixth day .
Some analysts believe the US trade figures may already be showing the positive impact of the slide in the dollar , which makes US exports cheaper .
" Bralo was transferred to The Hague yesterday morning under the terms of the SFOR ( NATO - led Stabilisation Force ) mandate , " a statement by the peacekeepers said .
Yasser Arafat , who died in France on Thursday , was the standard - bearer of Palestinian nationalism for nearly half a century who never saw his dream of an independent state become reality .
Abbey National became a wholy - owned subsidiary of the Santander group , creating the world 's tenth - largest bank , following the merger which was announced in late July that was finalised late Friday , the Spanish paper reported .
Williams said Thursday : " We had mixed emotions in the wake of the defeat by Australia .
Arsenal then seized control of the match as Lauren converted a penalty and Patrick Vieira stormed through the heart of the Spurs defence to give the visitors a 3 - 1 lead on the hour mark .
In Asia , Tokyo 's benchmark Nikkei-225 index closed 1.35 percent lower to 10,846.92 points after weaker - than - expected machinery orders data sparked concerns about the economic outlook ahead of third quarter growth figures due Friday , dealers said .
The plan originally foresaw the creation of a Palestinian state by 2005 but Bush admitted this year that the deadline was too short .
Veterans minister Hamlaoui Mekachara said the homage was also in honour of nine French soldiers killed during an upsurge of violence in Ivory Coast over the weekend .
Since winning control of the state in elections in May last year , Ngige has fallen into a very public spat with his erstwhile political godfather , businessman Chris Uba , who is credited with buying his poll victory .
ASEAN - summit - Laos - security HANOI : Security concerns threaten to disrupt Laos ' turn in the international spotlight when Southeast Asian leaders gather in Vientiane for their annual summit later this month , experts said .
As the 13th night of Arafat 's stay there had begun , the world 's media , security forces and supporters keeping their vigil were all in their usual allocated spots .
The death toll from a giant earthquake and aftershocks rocking the central Japan region of Niigata for nearly three weeks has risen to 40 , police said Thursday .
A seven - month - old baby boy suffered shrapnel wounds from the remote - controlled device that exploded during busy early morning shopping .
The left - hander has averaged better than 60 since January 2003 and became NZ 's leading all - time leading run - scorer ( 5566 ) when he made an unbeaten 201 in the second Test against Bangladesh .
On Wednesday , the International Monetary Fund said it was revising its 2005 forecast for Spanish growth down to 2.6 percent from 2.9 percent previously owing to higher oil prices .
The skies filled with smoke , the streets echoed with the plain chant from mosques and intermittent bursts of gunfire rang out as the Gaza Strip on Thursday marked the death of Yasser Arafat .
Germany has begun evacuating its nationals from Ivory Coast after the recent unrest in the west African country , the foreign ministry announced on Thursday .
In retaliation , the PFLP gunned down Israeli Tourism Minister Rehavam Zeevi two months later .
" Abu Ammar , you can rest now , we shall continue the struggle , " chanted a large crowd of mourners marching through the streets of Ain el - Helweh .
However , an audio recording posted on an Islamist website on Friday and attributed to Zarqawi called on fighters in Fallujah to resist US forces , saying the assault was " a decisive battle in the history of Islam and of heresy . "
Scores of Yasser Arafat supporters , weeping , singing or chanting , convened on a carpet of flowers and amid burning candles and draped flags outside the French military hospital where their veteran leader died a few hours earlier .
" I have come to bow before president Yasser Arafat and pay him a final homage , " he said after the 25-minute visit .
The new moon which signals the start of the festival was sighted Saturday evening in Kashmir but not in other parts of India , religious officials were quoted by the Press Trust of India as saying .
" A man of courage and conviction who for 40 years has embodied the Palestinian struggle for recognition of their right to nationhood . " (
Vietnam expressed Thursday its deep regret at the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , calling him a friend of the Vietnamese people .
" The committee believes that , even after this action , the stance of monetary policy remains accommodative and , coupled with robust underlying growth in productivity , is providing ongoing support to economic activity , " the FOMC said in a statement .
A two - day pursuit of the submarine by Japanese naval forces ran into difficulty Friday as the vessel left waters where Japan 's surveillance aircraft can operate freely .
str - mv / kl / th04 AFP mised to raise the fraught Middle East peace process during talks with George W. Bush , the US president 's first meeting with a foreign leader since his election to a second term .
Warne surprised when he said as part of his DVD his favourite wicket was West Indies left - hander Shivnarine Chanderpaul , in the second innings of the second Test at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 1996 - 97 .
Gbagbo 's government has repeatedly accused Burkina Faso of supporting the rebels in the north whose uprising sparked the civil war , while Burkina Faso says its southern neighbour bankrolled a coup bid against Compaore earlier this year .
The qualities of Australians remained the same , however , he said , as they marked the traditional minute 's silence at 11:00 a.m. ( 0000 GMT ) on the 11th day of the 11th month , the time the armistice was declared 86 years ago .
Ferydoon Zandi scored from the spot after 71 minutes to pull Dortmund back into the relegation battle .
Police on Friday listed 17 people dead after the quake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale .
More than 540 people have died during a separatist - inspired insurgency since January this year .
Anatolia said the 40-year - old driver later died in hospital and quoted railway sources as saying he had attempted to speed through the crossing despite a red warning light .
The UN Security Council had been set Wednesday to adopt a resolution giving Ivory Coast 30 days to implement a stalled peace pact or face sanctions to include an arms embargo .
Two of his most senior lieutenants , prime minister Ahmed Qorei and the newly installed supremo of Arafat 's Palestine Liberation Organisation Mahmud Abbas were expected to read eulogies at the Ramallah service before he is laid to rest .
Marsh and McLennan Companies , Inc. the world 's biggest insurance broker , announced a radical overhaul of its business practices on October 26 after chief executive officer Jeffrey Greenberg resigned .
I 'd like to play England 20 times a year and I 'm sure our players would too . "
Fuentes later said that coach had been pried open by firefighters who joined the rescue .
" I tried my best but it 's a pity that I made a couple of mistakes today , " said Li .
RAMALLAH , West Bank : Palestinians file past the grave of Yasser Arafat TEHRAN : Following Iran 's reaction after talks with European leaders aimed at ending a nuclear standoff afp Mideast - news - agenda
France , whose popularity among the Palestinians was further boosted when it welcomed the ailing leader late last month and offered treatment at a military hospital near Paris , said it would send Foreign Minister Michel Barnier .
Saudi Arabia is fighting a fierce battle against a wave of terrorism , blamed on sympathizers of the Al - Qaeda network , that has claimed some 90 lives and wounded hundreds since May 2003 .
The officer said the troops would still need up to a week to make the northeast corner of Fallujah safe " and at least 10 days to clear the city " .
Al - Ahram published a picture of the casket containing Arafat 's body , draped in a Palestinian flag , being carried soldiers on arriving at Cairo airport from Paris , where he died early Thursday .
The State Council , China 's cabinet , held an emergency meeting Wednesday to discuss the crisis and hammer out ways to deal with drought relief and water conservancy construction in the coming winter and spring .
The project , emulating the sun 's nuclear fusion , is not expected to generate electricity before 2050 .
Due to another religious holiday on Thursday and the Bangladeshi weekly holiday on Friday , many Bangladeshis are taking the opportunity to leave early and enjoy an extended break .
Earlier , Callum Ferguson fell just seven runs short of his maiden first - class century in only his second match .
" When we got the penalty we were well on top and if that had went in with 20 minutes to go we would have had a chance . "
Supporters of Bagapsh were still surrounding the administration building Saturday .
Asked by a reporter why Japan could not identify the vessel 's nationality a day into the chase , Hosoda said : " Because it 's under water . "
Dutch police arrested two people on suspicion of " terrorist conspiracy to commit murder " after a 14-hour siege here on an apartment where suspected extremists had been holed up since early Wednesday , The Hague prosecutor said .
A senior Iraqi official said earlier Saturday that the battle to retake the rebel bastion of was over , with more than 1,000 insurgents killed , but that the country 's most wanted man , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , had fled .
Norfield said the euro would likely make further probes past 1.30 dollars in the weeks ahead but doubted it would be anything substantial in the coming days given technical positions in the market and the existence of options barriers .
" The 5 - 1 win in Munich was a milestone in my career as I was England captain and people celebrated the win for days on end . "
The HDZ returned to power a year ago pledging that it has shed its nationalist skin and transformed into a conservative , pro - European party .
Omani authorities last month deported 1,200 illegal Pakistani immigrants and some 500 more are expected later this month .
The government has declared a four - day national holiday beginning Saturday to mark the festival .
If not today , it will be tomorrow , " Moussa concluded , explicitly including North Africa , Iran and Turkey in his vision for a weapons - free region .
Witnesses said that the fatal shooting happened after clashes broke out at the entrance to the village .
Barghuti -- who was often tipped as a possible successor to Arafat due to his enormous popularity -- was handed five life prison terms for murder by an Israeli court on June 6 .
The US military said it attacked suspected rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire on Thursday after an upsurge in violence as gunmen were seen flocking into Iraq 's main northern city .
The South Korean delegation heads to Brazil on Tuesday where Roh will meet with officials on information technology , energy , natural resources and science and technology before attending the November 19 - 21 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit in Santiago .
They were arrested at Tan Son Nhat international airport in the southern business capital on February 18 en route to Hong Kong after failing to declare the 105,000 dollars in cash they were carrying .
The funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could take place in Cairo on Friday if he dies by then , the veteran leader 's chief aide , Nabil Abu Rudeina , said Wednesday .
That year was the start of a decade of turbulent relations between the two sides that did not improve until 1980 when Arafat and Jordan agreed to take steps to coordinate action .
Sweden has granted Kenya 101.6 million dollars ( 8.2 billion shillings ) to strengthen democratic governance and fight AIDS in the next two years , the finance ministry said in a statement .
Quang , 45 , was charged in relation to scuffles that broke out outside his home on March 2 between police and several Mennonites who had photographed undercover officers carrying out surveillance of his Ho Chi Minh City home .
The life of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died on Thursday at the age of 75 , mirrored the progress of the Palestinian struggle for a state .
As jockeying to fill Arafat 's shoes started in earnest , US President George W. Bush sounded a cautious note in marking the passing of the Palestinian leader he had shunned for the past four years .
Ayoub , another Pakistani national , was extradited from Thailand in July 2003 and is currently on trial in Perth .
Dahlan quit as security minister after Abbas resigned as prime minister in September 2003 .
After days of bitter behind - the - scenes wrangling before the announcement of Arafat 's death , all sides agreed to a compromise consisting of a funeral in Egypt and a burial inside the Muqataa compound which became his last redoubt .
French gross domestic product grew by just 0.1 percent in the third quarter from the second , well below an estimation of 0.5 percent , figures released Friday by the national statistics institute INSEE showed .
An announcement of the engagement , originally planned for this month , was postponed out of consideration for victims of the natural disasters , the reports said .
Lampard stepped up and his fierce drive was caught by the wind before it sailed beyond Crossley .
Australia begin their home series against New Zealand in Brisbane on November 18 followed by Adelaide ( November 26 - 30 ) .
Egypt called Saturday for a new Middle East peace push by the main world powers alongside a planned Iraq conference it is hosting later this month .
Powell , in a television interview to be broadcast Sunday , said the United States wants the post - Yasser Arafat Palestinian leadership to crack down on " terrorism . "
In recent days , ECB officials , starting with its president Jean - Claude Trichet , have spoken out against the euro 's rise , which he described as " brutal " and " unwelcome " .
The funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Friday in Cairo , the city where he was born 75 years ago , will be a sombre occasion with many of the world 's foreign ministers in attendance .
A German air force Airbus arrived here Saturday after evacuating 148 foreigners from Ivory Coast , a government official said .
A powerful earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale shook eastern Indonesia early Friday , meteorologists said , with reports putting initial casualties at one dead and six injured .
Rainfall in Shizuoka totalled 277 millimeters ( 17 cubic inches ) from late Thursday to early Friday , the Japan Meteorological Agency said .
The 40-year - old widow of grunge rock legend Kurt Cobain denied one charge of assault with a deadly weapon against Kristin King in the early hours of April 25 .
South Africa 's hero of the anti - apartheid struggle Nelson Mandela on Thursday expressed sadness following the death of Yasser Arafat and described the Palestinian leader as " one of the outstanding freedom fighters of this generation . "
The 75-year - old leader died earlier Thursday in a hospital near the French capital .
" He 's hoping he 'll be straight in and out and he would n't have to be there on the Tuesday as well , " Olarenshaw said .
" Israel killed Arafat from the first day it jailed him inside the Muqataa and then went on to poison him .
" The convoy entered Fallujah , just now , it happened five minutes ago , " the spokeswoman for the relief agency , Ferdus al - Ibadi , said at about 3:25 pm ( 1225 GMT ) .
The counsellors said the bad impression of Poles was given via the media to young Israelis who visit Poland every year for the so - called March of the Living through the camp .
On November 3 , Arafat was admitted to the intensive care unit after losing consciousness three times during the day .
said labourer Irshad Ahmed , who returned home on Wednesday .
Perhaps in a joking reference to the California governor 's presidential ambitions , Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi told Arnold Schwarzenegger Friday he 's more popular than their mutual ally George W. Bush .
" I express my gratitude to God for the each day the sun rises on a free and safe America , " the devout Ashcroft wrote .
After the daylong siege police arrested the two suspects in the apartment , who were not immediately identified .
The militant Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades urged militants to attack Israel to avenge the " Zionist assassination " of Yasser Arafat , who died hours earlier in a Paris hospital , said a statement received by AFP on Thursday .
US forces had spent weeks before that " shaping " the battleground with air strikes and artillery fire on suspected insurgent positions in the city .
Earlier Mugabe had issued a message of condolence to the Palestinians over the death of Arafat , describing him as " a towering figure for all the oppressed people of the world " .
The dollar dipped slightly against the yen in Asian trade Thursday on selling from Japanese exporters but investors traded with caution ahead of the release of Japan 's economic growth data , dealers said .
But the wheels fell off after Sinclair scooped a simple catch to square leg just 12 runs short of a century .
Fuji Heavy Industries , the Japanese maker of Subaru vehicles , on Friday said a stronger yen and sluggish domestic sales halved its interim net profit to 8.28 billion yen ( 78 million dollars ) .
Text slug : Philippines - rail 45 x 85 mm Available by 1000 GMT JAPAN GROWTH Graphic showing Japan 's quarterly gross domestic product ( GDP ) for the past two years , as it slowed to 0.1 percent growth in the third quarter .
" With him disappears a man of courage and conviction who for 40 years incarnated the Palestinians ' fight for recognition of their national rights . "
After that , things might be different , " Benitez was reported as saying about Kewell 's form .
Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye on Thursday appointed deputy parliamentary speaker Frederic Ngenzebuhoro as his deputy , replacing Alphonse Kadege , whom he sacked for political " sabotage " earlier this week .
Blair has for 18 months pledged to make the revival of the peace process a personal priority .
Tight security was enforced in the airport area on Thursday and identity checks were being carried out in Heliopolis , a Cairo suburb which also houses Mubarak 's offices and residence .
We wo n't know until a couple days after this operation , " said a senior defense official .
Text slug : Mideast - Arafat 130 x 85 mm Available by 0800 GMT MIDEAST ARAFAT BIO Graphic showing key events in the life of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died Thursday in a Paris hospital .
Two years later , he was ambushed during a visit to Palestinian bases on the Golan front and his driver was killed .
A year later , on September 11 , 2003 , the Israeli security cabinet agreed in principle to " remove " Arafat from his headquarters , holding him responsible for failing to prevent suicide attacks in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv two days before .
The group approached Myanmar 's government on October 30 to cancel the summit , and later learned Yangon would hold it without its participation .
South Korea admitted in September that scientists working without government approval and to satisfy their own professional curiousity produced only 0.2 grams of enriched uranium during three experiments using " laser isotope separation technology " in 2000 .
Oil prices bounced off seven - week lows Wednesday on concerns over a smaller - than - expected weekly rise in US crude oil stockpiles and a surprise fall in winter fuel inventories .
A US war plane raked suspected pockets of insurgency in the northeast of Fallujah on Thursday as smoke billowed skyward in the third full day of battle for the rebel enclave , an AFP cameraman said .
Last month , the alleged object of Love 's wrath , King , told a court that the singer poured whiskey over her , hurled the bottle at her head and scarred her with her nails in a terrifying early morning attack .
At Tuesday 's American Heart Association scientific meetings in New Orleans , clinical studies showed Bextra users who had recently had cardiac surgery were twice as likely to suffer a heart attack or stroke .
Sorenstam posted her seventh win of the season last week in Japan .
Muralitharan is nine Test wickets behind Warne with 532 scalps and is out of international cricket due to injury and citing the need for rest but is set to return in the New Year .
" Although Chelsea have taken over at the top , it is not a great concern at this stage of the season .
Citroen 's leading driver Loeb has already wrapped up this year 's world championship while the team has also secured the manufacturer 's title .
Quang 's trial came three days before a new law comes into force that bans any religious activity deemed to threaten national security , public order or national unity .
The so - called hudna collapsed seven weeks later amid mutual recriminations .
Instead Arafat is being buried in the Muqataa , the headquarters that had become a virtual prison for the almost the last three years of his life .
NEW YORK : US stocks opened higher as the technology sector got a lift from bullish broker comments and the broad market resumed its upward trend after three sluggish sessions .
The repatriation was due to have begun Thursday afternoon , according to Morocco 's official news agency MAP .
US Open champions Mark Knowles of Bahamas and Daniel Nestor of Canada , the world 's top - ranked doubles team , can complete a run to year - end top honors at the ATP Masters Cup that begins here Saturday .
Barghuti is currently serving five life sentences after being convicted of murder by an Israeli court in June .
US troops backed by Iraqi soldiers moved into the rebel - held city on Monday in an assault dubbed Operation Dawn aimed at breaking the insurgency to provide more security for , and greater participation in , elections planned for January .
Johansson was the architect of their downfall with a first half brace as Charlton made light of the absence of suspended in - form South African striker Shaun Bartlett .
US troops were preventing a Red Crescent convoy of emergency aid from reaching residents inside the Iraqi city of Fallujah on Saturday after allowing it as far as the main hospital , a spokeswoman said .
They could complete the American double , having claimed the US Open Cup title in September .
Indeed , Davenport was so fed up after her semi - final loss to eventual champion Maria Sharapova in the semi - finals at Wimbledon she said she was sure she would never be back to the All England club .
Health experts have warned for several months that the global capacity to produce vaccines to counter the possible spread of a mutated bird flu virus is severely limited .
The Israeli army on Thursday imposed a total security clampdown on the West Bank due to a fear of attacks following the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , military radio announced .
In July , Israel 's supreme court rejected an appeal filed by Vanunu , who sought the lifting of the restrictions , saying they were unfairly severe and prevented him from leading a normal life .
The Muslim man made the comments before heading for his hometown in Dhanusha district in southeastern Nepal to be join his family .
9 : " President Arafat 's state of health has worsened during the night " and his coma has become " deeper , " Estripeau says .
" We will play the same squad we played tonight and give it a real go , " said Ferguson after Wednesday night 's win at Old Trafford set up a clash against arch - rivals Arsenal .
Dresdner Bank turned in net profit of 129 million euros ( 166 million dollars ) in the period from July to September , compared with a bottom - line loss of 25 million euros a year earlier , Allianz said in a statement .
While two weeks could be ssive commercial use of the northern passage for a number of decades .
An early strike from Daniel ' Dani ' Garcia was cancelled out by Racing'a Javi Guerrero in the 55th minute before Argentine Maxi Rodriguez 's decisive 80th minute penalty for the hosts .
Vatican spokesman Joaquin Navarro - Valls summed up Arafat 's contribution to Middle East peace on Thursday , saying he was " a leader of great charisma who loved his people and tried to guide them towards national independence " .
Governor Duraid Khasmula later said the curfew would last until 6:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) on Friday and that all government offices and public institutions would remain closed .
More than 1,000 people converged on the Gaza City headquarters of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to mark his death on Thursday , firing into the air as Israeli helicopters flew overhead .
Crippling unemployment is fueling Iraq 's deadly insurgency in the flashpoint city of Samarra , north of Baghdad , which remains under curfew after car bombs and attacks on police stations earlier this week killed 36 and left scores wounded .
Food prices rose by 10 percent in October over the same period last year , while non - food prices rose by 1.3 percent .
Le Foudre and La Fayette were expected to reach Ivory Coast by November 20 .
28 : Arafat , later shown on television looking pale and drawn , tells " the Palestinian people and the whole world that he is okay and there is no need to worry about him " .
Two of the victims were killed at the scene of the blast , near a market in the town of Poso , while a woman who lost a foot in the explosion died later , they said .
Both American duos were at 18-under par after 36 holes in the three - day , post - season specialty event .
The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated as dealers digested a sharper - than - expected drop in the US trade deficit .
At the same time , television images from inside the city showed tanks rolling over the ruins of buildings and smoke rising around mosques that became the centre of fierce clashes on Wednesday .
Australian spin - king Shane Warne said Thursday he was more intent on beating New Zealand and Pakistan in upcoming Tests than putting some distance between himself and Muttiah Muralitharan .
But such comments , which analysts have come to call " verbal intervention " , failed to check the rise in the euro as it climbed to a new all - time high Wednesday of 1.3005 dollars .
Japan sent some 200 troops to Iraq Saturday to relieve forces in the country as Tokyo looks set to extend its historic military deployment for another year .
US President George W. Bush said that the death of Yasser Arafat , announced early Thursday , was a " significant moment " in the history of the Palestinian people and extended his condolences .
The first French airliner carrying evacuees from Ivory Coast landed Wednesday evening at Charles de Gaulle airport outside Paris bringing home children and the injured .
Indonesian share prices closed 0.96 percent higher Friday for a fourth consecutive record finish on sustained foreign - led interest in blue chips ahead of the long Muslim Eid al - Fitr holiday , dealers said .
Result from the China Open badminton championships in Guangzhou on Friday ( x denotes seeding ) : Mixed doubles Final Jens Eriksen / Mette Schjoldager ( DEN x3 ) bt Chen Qiqiu / Zhao Tingting ( CHN x2 ) 15 - 13 , 13 - 15 , 15 - 8 afp04 Badminton - CHN
Campaigning went off without a hitch or violence after Interior Minister Albade Abouba early this month issued a stern warning to anyone wishing to " sow public disorder " in the run - up to the vote .
Trading house Sumitomo Corp. and two other Japanese firms plan to earn greenhouse gas emissions rights by reducing the level of global warming gases in China , a press report said Sunday .
Two senior local government officials from a southern Vietnamese tourist island were arrested Thursday for alleged involvement in a corruption scandal , state media said .
Carpentier spent the past eight seasons with Champ - car , winning his first race at the Michigan oval in 2001 , and hopes to make his first Indianapolis 500 start next year .
Hawks within President George W. Bush 's administration have advocated for regime change in Tehran -- through covert operations or force if needed , Newsweek magazine reported in September .
A series of train accidents have embarassed the Turkish government this year and prompted calls for a major overhaul of the country 's state - owned railway system .
" The boy miraculously survived .... but was in a state of shock after being deprived of oxygen and exposed to cold air , " it said .
Palestinian officials said Saturday that a presidential electin would be held by January 9 in line with their mini - consitition following Arafat 's death on Thursday .
And Britain now go into battle against the Kangaroos on a high after inflicting the first defeat on Australia coach Wayne Bennett and claiming back - to - back victories in major internationals for the first time for 10 years .
" Coalition forces control 70 percent of the city , " said a senior US military officer , after US tanks and infantry forged with relative ease through much of the dusty network of streets , rolling from north to south .
The new releases hit the screens this week as part of an end - of - year rush of movies aiming to capture Tinseltown and audience attention in the run - up to cinema 's top awards , the Oscars .
550 words 1230 GMT US - Europe - Bush,3rdlead WASHINGTON Looking to improve trans - Atlantic ties strained by the war in Iraq , US President George W. Bush says he hopes to visit Europe " as soon as possible " after his January 20 inauguration .
Last year some clerics in the holy city of Qom announced the end of Ramadan a day before the office of the supreme leader , sparking plenty of confusion .
Bush -- who in November 2003 became the first US president ever to pay a state visit to London -- also conferred with NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer in Washington this past week .
President Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal said in an interview published Saturday that France 's military presence in the Ivory Coast was an indispensable factor in preventing massacres .
Two months ago it was reported that the Spectator 's publisher Kimberley Fortier , who is married with one child and expecting another , has been the lover of Home Secretary David Blunkett .
No reason was given for the move in a brief statement released overnight .
A US general also hinted at further offensives after the battle for Fallujah -- the largest military operation since last year 's US - led invasion -- as the insurgency spreds elsewhere .
Human Rights Watch on Thursday blasted the Ivory Coast government for failing to rein in militia groups waging religious and ethnically based attacks on civilian populations in the west African state .
Both men , along with Israeli foreign minister Shimon Peres , are awarded the Nobel Peace Prize the following October .
The Committee of Ulemas said the three included Sheikh Mutafa al - Dulaymi , a member of their committee , who was arrested at midnight along with five bodyguards at the al - Salam mosque in northern Baghdad by members of the Iraqi national guard .
Re - elected for a second four - year term on November 2 , Bush signaled last week that major personnel changes within his administration were inevitable .
The big losers were New Zealand , who are guaranteed the wooden spoon despite having one more match left to play against Britain in Hull next Saturday .
" In my constituency there are people who are going short of food today , and have been this entire year , " he said .
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis in the Iraqi city , a spokeswoman told AFP .
The opposition Civic Democrats Saturday won the second round of the Czech Senate vote , while the ruling Social Democrats failed to win a single seat in their third electoral defeat this year , Czech media reported .
The meeting would be a first for the quartet since the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday .
Diaz and Timberlake said they were " ambushed by two men , who jumped out of a concealed hiding place on a dark , deserted street , late at night . "
Hopes they would be released have been dashed several times , most notably when French lawmaker Didier Julia unwisely announced at the end of last month that their liberation was imminent .
" We are full of hope that this would be the flagship of the American administration to be implemented not later that the end of next year as promised , " Moussa said .
Arafat had been critically ill in a Paris hospital since being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Branding Arafat an " obstacle to peace , " Israel kept Arafat under virtual house arrest at his Ramallah compound -- the Muqataa -- for the last three years of his life .
Cupping the flower painted in henna on her left hand during a shopping trip at Islamabad 's Jinnah Supermarket a full week before Eid , 17-year - old Maryam Mansoor said having henna applied is a part of Eid preparations for women .
British insurer Prudential on Thursday announced a 92-percent take - up of a new share issue worth one billion pounds ( 1.43 billion euros , 1.85 billion dollars ) .
Nepal - Maoist ) MANILA : Reporting as at least six people are killed and dozens are injured after a Manila - bound train derails and plunges down a slope . (
India were strongly placed at 111 - 1 before faltering against Afridi , who took the two quick wickets to reduce the hosts to 124 - 3 .
Hong Kong gold prices closed higher Friday at 434.10 - 434.60 US dollars an ounce , compared to Thursday 's close of 431.80 - 432.30 dollars .
The incident , in which no people were hurt , occurred Thursday morning after three Azeri fishing boats tried to avoid seizure by Kazakhstan 's coast guard , the agencyaijan - piracy - ecology
Speaking just before Arafat 's death was officially announced by Palestinian presidential secretary Tayeb Abdelrahim , Howard said he believed Arafat had failed to ensure peace in the Middle East by not taking advantage of Israel 's offer .
Retired US general Tommy Franks , who oversaw the wars on Afghanistan and Iraq , said Thursday that diplomacy was the best way for Washington to deal with concerns over Iran and North Korea 's nuclear programs .
Spurs shot themselves in the foot again minutes later .
The latest talk of intervention on currency markets comes after the euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .
On Friday , an AFP reporter said he saw truckloads of gunmen enter Mosul , 370 kilometres ( 230 miles ) north of Baghdad , and roam the streets while police either cowered in their stations or were shot .
The energy minister is a top member of the Al - Sabah ruling family and the son of Sheikh Fahd al - Sabah , the Kuwaiti emir 's half - brother , who was killed by invading Iraqi troops on the first day of the invasion .
Goss , a former spy turned lawmaker who led Congressional efforts to reform intelligence - gathering , took the helm of the CIA in September .
In September more than 130 asylum seekers , including Acehnese from Indonesia and Myanmar nationals , launched a hunger strike at the Semenyih detention centre to protest against the conditions there and call for their release .
A senior Sunni Muslim figure on Thursday blasted Iraqi Shiite religious leader Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani for staying quiet about the US - Iraqi assault on the rebel Sunni enclave of Fallujah .
Yanukovich was also officially supported by Russian President Vladimir Putin , who spent three days in Kiev in various public appearances with Yanukovich on the eve of the vote .
US forces said they aim to control all of Fallujah by Saturday despite fierce fighting that has cost them 18 lives and raged into the night Thursday as rebels clung to their stronghold .
Beleaguered China coach Arie Haan said he will be sacked if his team are dumped out of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup when they take on Hong Kong next week .
It 's a relief , Williams said , after being hampered even in training .
Mayrhuber complained that Lufthansa was behind schedule on its targets for cutting labour costs -- so far it had managed to save only half of the 105 million euros originally earmarked .
Thailand - south - unrest ) BEIJING : Reporting after coal mine accident in central Henan province leaves dozens dead , the latest in a long line of disasters to hit China 's pits . (
Masked rebels stormed into six Iraqi police stations in the northern city of Mosul on Thursday seizing weapons and torching buildings , according to an AFP correspondent in the city .
US forces aim to take full control of Fallujah by Saturday morning despite facing fiercer fighting as they push deeper , a marine officer said Thursday , adding that they already controlled 75 percent of the rebel Iraqi city .
Under the proposed new ruling , to be ratified by the chief executives of the 10 Test - playing nations at their meeting in Melbourne in February , almost all modern bowling actions would be legal .
" Maybe in the past , part of the Palestinian leadership was afraid to take up the issue ( of reforms ) with president Arafat , " he said .
West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti , who was on Saturday said to be mulling a bid for the Palestinian presidency from his prison cell , remains Yasser Arafat 's natural successor in the eyes of many Palestinians .
Iraq FALLUJAH , Iraq : Rebels fought for their lives in Fallujah as US troops closed in after losing 18 colleagues in three days of fighting which they said had left more than 500 militants dead .
Those eligible for second in the Player of the Year rankings will have to contend with a possible rematch between Dorothy Delasin and South Korean Hee - Won Han this week .
The mayor , the 677th elected in the 800 years the post has existed , rode in a gilt , horse - drawn 18th - century carriage , doffing his hat and waving to crowds gathered to view a carnival - like procession of 8,000 Londoners before him .
But the six - time Grand Slam champion admitted it felt odd to be advancing in a tournament after a defeat .
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova defeated fellow Russian Vera Zvonareva 6 - 4 , 7 - 5 on Friday to end Zvonareva 's run at the three million - dollar season - ending WTA Tour Championships .
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Kyrgyz counterpart late Thursday hailed the development of their cooperation , particularly in the fight against terrorism , as they met at the Russian leader 's residence outside Moscow .
From January to September , industrial production was 8.9 percent higher than during the first nine months of 2003 , KSH said .
" In the second half Fiorentina had the majority of chances and we were a little lucky .
India also remained the top country of origin for foreign US university students for the third year running , the IIE said .
The first plane , which carried 270 passengers , was expected to be followed by two others during the night , bringing in around a total of 580 evacuees to Charles de Gaulle airport .
Israeli police will also send reinforcements to east Jerusalem to head off any violence linked to Arafat 's death , which came just ahead of the end of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan this weekend .
There , a funeral service was to be held in a mosque Friday gathering heads of state from several Arab and Muslim countries and European foreign ministers before the body is flown by helicopter to Ramallah .
The match was heading for a draw before Hitzlesperger 's late strike earned David O'Leary his first away win of the season .
But trading was cautious ahead of the release Friday of Japan 's July - September gross domestic product data , they said .
Microsoft launched its own Internet search engine Thursday in a move aimed at challenging market leaders Google and Yahoo .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , who was the veteran leader 's longest and arguably his most bitter foe , spent decades trying to track down and kill Arafat , and more recently isolated him both physically and politically .
They moved to Gaza in 1994 , a year after the signing of the peace Oslo agreement with Israel .
With Djibril Cisse sidelined for the next year due to a broken ankle and Liverpool yet to find a replacement for Michael Owen , Benitez knows he needs his remaining strikers to perform on a regular basis .
US stocks traded mixed Wednesday as markets awaited a Federal Reserve decision on interest rates and a statement from the central bank expected to offer clues on future rate decisions .
He is expected to be sworn in at a special session of parliament in Ramallah around midday ( 1000 GMT ) .
Nothing was going right for Canada , attacking kicks for touch from penalties going backwards before England flanker Moody crossed from close range .
US - led troops occupied most of Fallujah Wednesday and aimed to take full control within 48 hours , as kidnappers threatened to kill members of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's extended family unless the assault was stopped .
" Maybe in the past , part of the Palestinian leadership was afraid to take up the issue ( of reforms ) with president Arafat , " he also said .
Arsenal advanced into the last eight by fielding a near youth team in a 3 - 1 win over Everton at Highbury on Tuesday .
Darren Lehmann will have to re - live the trauma of the death of former Test cricketer David Hookes just days before playing for Australia in the first Test against New Zealand in Brisbane .
Blair will be the first foreign leader to visit the White House since Bush 's re - election last week , an honor bestowed upon the president 's top Iraq war ally .
450 words 1100 GMT Nigeria - strike - oil,3rdlead LAGOS Nigeria 's main oil unions says their members will join next week 's planned nationwide general strike and warn this would disrupt the country 's exports of crude to the world market .
South African President Thabo Mbeki has expressed his " deepest regret " at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat early Thursday , saying he held the torch for the poor and oppressed .
A seaplane plunged in the Amazon jungle 's River Negro on Thursday killing all three occupants , a Brazilian pilot and two French journalists , a French official said .
Van Gogh 's suspected killer , Mohammed Bouyeri , who has dual Moroccan and Dutch nationality , was arrested shortly afterwards .
Rabin was assassinated in November 1995 by an Israeli extremist angered by the accords .
It was a masterstroke from Wigley who hauled off the rusty and ineffectual Beattie after 68 minutes .
The funeral arrangements for Arafat , whose life had come to symbolise the decades - old Palestinian struggle for a homeland , highlighted the region 's divisions even after his death .
The government 's own inflation target for 2004 is 7.0 percent with 5.5 percent seen next year .
Queen Elizabeth II led a two - minute silence in Britain on Thursday to remember the fallen of World War I , a poignant tribute with British troops still in conflict in Iraq .
Last August 3 , King Abdullah irked the Palestinian leadership by asking them to show more clarity in the peace process with Israel .
A heart - warming comic book about a stray dog on the streets of Bangkok who won the heart of Thailand 's much - loved King Bhumibol Adulyadej hit the kingdom 's bookstores Friday , said the publisher .
In June , Samsung SDI resolved a three - year - old battle with Japan 's Fujitsu and agreed to jointly use their copyrighted technologies for the next five years .
They completed their comeback in the 100th minute with Fernando Ricksen sprinting some 60 yards from the edge of his own box after a one - two with Namouchi .
Abbas was confirmed as head of Arafat 's Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) after his death Thursday .
Tunisia on Thursday decreed three days of national mourning for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Under - fire Harry Kewell on Thursday found an ally in Australian national team coach Frank Farina despite a nine - month goal drought that has sparked grumblings from his Liverpool club .
Arafat 's marriage to Suha -- born into a wealthy Christian home in the West Bank and educated by nuns and at the Sorbonne -- was kept secret for almost two years and only made official in 1992 .
But Bolton were not so fortunate on 41 minutes as Gavin McCann scored his first goal of the season .
The Japan side beaten 100 - 8 by Scotland also on Saturday are in the same boat of needing match practise to raise their game .
" I really hope that the international community learns the lessons of the situation because the dollar is too low , and that does not correspond today to the state of different economies , " he added .
" I was happy with the competition today , although I made a couple of mistakes , " said the 25-year - old Slutskaya . "
Bulgaria - communism - anniversary - demo SOFIA : On the 15th anniversary of the fall of communism in Bulgaria more than 15,000 people demonstrated in the capital Sofia to call for the centre - right government to resign because of persistent poverty in the country .
The fifth defendant was arrested on July 3 .
Separately in the restive city of Baquba , 60 kilometres ( 36 miles northeast of the Iraqi capital , about 30 armed men attacked a national guard station at dawn , said Mohannad Mahmoud , one of the guards at the station .
" A new era begins today , " said Amjad Attah , a former member of td new Palestinian leaders such as Abbas must not appear to be instruments of Washington , lest they lose the legitimacy Arafat enjoyed .
The communists announced last month that they would step up their attacks .
Bayern Munich manager Felix Magath showed no sentiment towards his former club VfB Stuttgart with his new side triumphing 3 - 0 on Wednesday to reach the quarter - finals of the German Cup .
The enormously popular former prime minister Alassane Ouattara was the first to arrive ahead of meetings set for later Thursday with Mbeki , who had travelled to Ivory Coast on Tuesday to meet with President Laurent Gbagbo .
Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , has for two years been in the throes of a civil war , sparked by a bid in September 2002 by rebels to oust Gbagbo .
The US ambassador to the Philippines Thursday warned Manila against negotiating with the abductors of a Filipino accountant in Iraq , saying this would only encourage more kidnappings of Filipinos .
US officials said they had reports that Sudanese troops were trying to drive people out of a camp at Al Geer , just a day after the warring parties struck a breakthrough deal to end hostilities in Darfur .
Lyon 's march towards a fourth consecutive French league title continued unchecked Saturday with a 2 - 0 home win over Nantes .
The Portuguese coach , who took over at Stamford Bridge in the summer and inititally recruited strongly from his former club Porto , insists that home - grown players are a priority for the new Premiership leaders .
Southampton manager Steve Wigley can meanwhile breath a sigh of relief after earning his first league victory in a hard - fought 2 - 1 defeat of rivals Portsmouth .
The one - legged militant is one of Pakistan 's top targets in the semi - autonomous tribal belt after the kidnapping incident , in which one of the two hostages died .
Figures showing Australia 's unemployment rate fell to 5.3 percent in October , its lowest level since collection of the data began in 1978 , boosted sentiment as yet another sign of the country 's strong underlying fundamentals .
Kuznetsova had her fellow Russian on the ropes , leading 5 - 1 in the second set , but lost three games in a row and squandered three match points before emerging with a 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 victory .
Former heavyweight world champion Hasim Rahman posted a fourth - round technical knockout over Australian Kali Meehan Saturday in their scheduled 12-round non - title fight .
Security guards protecting his Kremlin - backed opponent Raul Khajimba fired shots into the air before pulling back , news reports said .
Repsol was up 0.20 euros at an intraday high of 17.45 on a generally weaker IBEX-35 market .
The third main driver of the Finnish economy is private consumption , which has boomed during the past two years due to income tax reductions , rising by 4.3 percent in 2003 and an expected three percent this year .
" We first made contact with Arafat about 30 years ago when he was living abroad , following a string of Palestinian attacks that claimed victims in the Orthodox community , " the rabbi recalls .
As an example , Mourinho said he was delighted when captain John Terry put pen to paper on a new five - year deal this week .
" The safety of the evacuated area can not be guaranteed because it is still not clear if there are explosives in the apartment ( of the terror suspects ) , " The Hague mayor Willem Deetman told journalists .
Microsoft 's new search engine launched Thursday opens a new front for the world 's biggest software company in a new war -- for control of the Internet , analysts said .
Italian energy group Edison said Thursday it expected a " good " performance in its operations in the last quarter of the year after a jump in third - quarter profits .
East Timor is not yet self - sufficient enough to pull United Nations peacekeepers out of the tiny country , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said on Wednesday .
The dollar was at 106.99 yen in Tokyo afternoon trade , down from 107.08 yen in New York late Wednesday when the US unit rose above the 107 yen level for the first time in about two weeks .
SN Brussels , which offers four flights weekly , told AFP that it had not yet decided whether its planes would be back on the ground in Abidjan come Monday .
Unidentified arsonists also set fire to a church in the Dutch town of Utrecht late Monday , although it was unclear if the attack was linked to the filmmaker 's slaying .
Chirac said when Arafat was airlifted in grave condition to France on October 29 that his country 's tradition as a land of refuge had motivated its decision to admit ailing the Palestinian leader for treatment in a French hospital .
HSBC , which has a 34 percent weighting in the main Hang Seng Index , drove the market sharply higher Friday on heavy buying by institutional investors .
Kirwan , who scored 34 tries in 63 appearances for New Zealand , named his team on Thursday but was then forced into making two changes 24 hours later when Andrea Masi and Gonzalo Canale failed fitness tests .
Yasser Arafat , who was being buried at his West Bank headquarters on Friday , was the standard - bearer of Palestinian nationalism for nearly half a century who never saw his dream of an independent state become reality .
Police said a physical education teacher was gunned down while returning to his home from a funeral , becoming the latest victim in violence which has claimed more than 540 lives this year .
The alleged corruption came to light after one of Garcia 's sons was detained at a US airport in December while carrying up to 100,000 dollars in cash without declaring it to customs .
An official funeral for Arafat was to take place in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Friday morning .
The situation in the Red Group was less clear after French Open champion Anastasia Myskina upset Davenport 7 - 6 ( 7/5 ) , 6 - 4 .
According to the commission , Waw after furious fans complained they had splashed out on Nike products only to see Jordan for a short while at " The Show . "
" Defensively we were sound today but South Africa will ask a lot more questions of us .
Several Bosnian Serbs have been convicted by the UN war crimes court for their roles in the atrocity , including general Radislav Krstic who was sentenced in 2001 to 46 years for genocide .
The central bank has estimated inflation for 2004 will average 5.5 - 6.5 percent , with the figure likely to come in in a similar range next year .
And in Dakar aid officials working for the United Nations said on Friday the Ivory Coast was facing a " serious and lasting crisis , " which risks spilling over the borders unless something is done .
They crawled through sewage tunnels stretching from the facility to the nearby Banco national forest , the sources told AFP , in a jailbreak that came as the city was engulfed in anti - French mob violence .
Text slug : France - Nuclear - privatisation - company - Areva 45 x 85 mm FALLUJAH UPDATE Graphic updating the latest developments in the battle of Fallujah as US marines said they expected to take complete control of the Iraqi rebel bastion within 48 hours .
On November 19 , we will respect the will of the shareholders . "
Hartson played the ball out wide to Aiden McGeady who took a touch before flighting a perfect ball across goal for Sutton who gave Caley keeper Mark Brown with a powerful header from six - yards .
Mosul has seen a rash of suicide car bombings against Iraqi and US forces in recent weeks
Mauresmo 's unblemished round - robin record was a contrast to last year , when she advanced despite losing two of her three matches .
The Swiss company , which employs more than 15,500 people , has shed some 7,000 jobs in recent years due to growing liberalisation in the sector .
Sheikh Zayed , who was in his late eighties and died on November 2 , was genuinely loved by his people for using oil money to turn his desert country green .
Long - awaited presidential , legislative and municipal elections had been due to take place in early 2005 , but with Arafat 's death on Thursday the date for the presidential election has been brought forward .
A US general also hinted at further offensives after the battle for Fallujah -- the largest military operation since last year 's US - led invasion -- as the insurgency spreads elsewhere .
Their 3 - 1 win at Parkhead in February 2000 signalled the end of John Barnes 's reign as Celtic manager , and they repeated the feat when they defeated them 1 - 0 in March 2003 at their own ground .
The commission 's investigation is not expected to be completed until next month .
A first group of around 140 foreigners , including some 100 Italians , arrived in Rome Saturday after their evacuation from violence - torn Ivory Coast , airport officials announced .
Norman is paired with American Scott McCarron and will play Friday alongside the father - son duo of Jay and Bill Haas .
In the hope that consumer spending might make up for the slower pace of growth in exports and capital expenditure , investors pushed the Nikkei-225 index up 85.19 points or 0.79 percent at 10,932.11 , after a low of 10,841.43 .
He is currently serving five life sentences after being convicted of murder by an Israeli court in June .
The summit was originally planned for November 11 , but on November 5 it was pushed back to an uncertain future date .
" It 's typical New Zealand comments before a Test series , playing down their chances and the underdog stuff , " Waugh said Thursday .
Iraq said Saturday that the battle to retake the Sunni rebel bastion of Fallujah was over , with more than 1,000 insurgents killed , but that the country 's most wanted man , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , had fled .
Hajj Helmi al - Barbari was born 75 years ago , the same year as Arafat and in the same neighbourhood .
The African Union ( AU ) has named a Nigerian diplomat as its special envoy in Sudan , where he will head the pan - African body 's peace mission to the country 's war - ravaged Darfur region , an official statement said on Wednesday .
Flights carrying panicked foreign nationals took off from Abidjan 's airport , which was due to reopen Thursday after being closed and under French military control since Saturday .
Thai share prices closed 0.25 percent higher Thursday in light trade , dealers said .
French fly - half Frederic Michalak received a blast from coach Bernard Laporte despite scoring a try in France 's 27 - 14 victory over Australia here on Saturday .
Olympic bronze medallists Jens Eriksen and Mette Schjoldager of Denmark took the China Open mixed doubles badminton on Saturday after a marathon final against China 's Chen Qiqiu and Zhao Tingting .
Thousands of South Korean farmers clashed with riot police in the centre of the capital Saturday in protest against moves to allow foreign rice - producers a greater share of the domestic market , witnesses said .
An official funeral for Arafat was to take place Friday in the Egyptian capital Cairo , to be attended by heads of state or their emissaries , followed by the burial in Ramallah .
Most of the countries later said they were unable to come . "
South Korea 's unemployment rate edged up to 3.3 percent in October from 3.2 percent in September , due to fewer jobs in retail and wholesale shops , hotels , agriculture and fishery , official data showed Thursday .
Although the sources said that a minimum wage would not be brought in before the next general election in 2006 , and that the unions could rally behind the SPD if it makes the minimum wage an campaign issue .
Arafat died on Thursday at the age of 75 .
Carter ran onto his own chip for an easy touchdown four minutes later , before Muliaina matched Simth 's feat by scoring in his first international match .
Speaking at the opening of the two - day conference , which is being held under tight security , Verdonk said the time for debating was short as the problems were pressing .
Egypt confirmed that the funeral of Yasser Arafat would be held in Cairo on Friday following the death of the veteran Palestinian leader in a French hospital .
The US leader , who took office in January 2001 after Middle East peace talks collapsed , initially showed little inclination to pick up where his predecessor Bill Clinton left off , including the former president 's courtship of Arafat .
The Oslo - brokered peace talks between the Colombo government and the Tigers have been on hold since the guerrillas walked out in April last year .
The Group of Seven richest countries is considering coordinated intervention on currency markets to stabilise foreign exchange rates , Italian Economy Minister Domenico Siniscalco said Wednesday .
" It is still a second best solution , " said Kim , the international chairman of the influential Pacific Economic Cooperation Council .
BT signed up 607,000 new subscribers to its ICT products in the second quarter , giving it a total digital user base of 3.3 million .
Tarabish , who is in his 50s and sports a neatly - trimmed beard , lost a nephew and two other relatives during Days of Penitence .
The Asiana Airliearing in Washington on Tuesday , according to reports .
Throughout the 1990s , Qorei was involved in all the main Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , including sensitive talks on final status issues at the end of the decade , often conducted through back - channels .
Arafat died at 0230 GMT on Thursday in a Paris military hospital , aged 75 , after being airlifted to France on October 29 from his West Bank headquarters .
" They run the football club and I manage it , " said Keegan who later admitted that he is eyeing players who are in the final months of their contracts .
His widow , Suha , and their daughter , have divided their times between Paris and Tunis since the second intifada ( Palestinian uprising ) broke out in September 2000 .
Final preparations were underway at Yasser Arafat 's battered West Bank headquarters late Thursday for the Palestinian leader 's burial in soil brought specially from his beloved Jerusalem .
Muralitharan is currently en route to Australia to consult his doctors after undergoing surgery on his bowling shoulder in August .
Sinclair and Jacob Oram ( 26 ) ensured their team would post a respectable total by adding 78 runs for the fifth wicket before Oram became Jason Krejza 's ( 1 - 25 ) maiden first - class wicket .
China Thursday said it knew nothing about a submarine that entered Japanese waters near a disputed gas field sparking a high seas chase .
Grief - stricken Palestinian refugees in Lebanon fired rocket - propelled grenades and gunshots into the air Thursday at the news of the death of their leader Yasser Arafat .
The US military said Wednesday they were in control of 70 percent of the city .
Zimbabwe 's annual rate of inflation last month dropped to 209 percent , edging closer to a year - end target of 150 percent from a peak of 622.8 percent in January , a newspaper reported Saturday .
The company announced in a separate statement that it planned to buy back up to five percent of its own shares via the open market between now and the end of March .
The UN Security Council has put off a vote on possible sanctions against Ivory Coast until Monday to give Mbeki more time to hammer out a deal between the warring parties .
SFOR arrested Tomislav Popovic and Nedjo Lozanovic during an operation in the northeastern village of Canici , said the spokesman Dragomir Peric .
" We performed well today , " said Zhang Hao . "
Marseille had a goal disallowed after Bamago had fouled Jose Pierre - Fanfan and the match was heading for a draw until Mendy produced the last minute winner .
Turkish international midfielder Yildiray Basturk , now at Hertha Berlin , is at the hub of the investigation with an unrecorded payment of 300,000 marks ( 150,000 euros ) apparently handed over to the player in August 2000 via a company in Dubai .
The 66-year - old confided that he held Arafat personally reponsible for the loss of his job in a west Jerusalem hotel after the relaunch of the Palestinian uprising in September 2000 decimated tourist arrivals .
France 's top diplomat Michel Barnier arrived on Thursday night and voiced his hope that Arafat 's passing would herald fresh efforts from the international community to tackle the prickly Israeli - Palestinian issue .
Israelis wishing to attend the burial service would have to sign a document before entering Ramallah that would absolve the army of all responsibility for their security , officials said .
China said Saturday that its supplies of coal , electricity and oil remained insufficient despite increases in production and imports .
American Heather Daly - Donofrio fired an eight - under par 64 here Saturday , dropping eight birdies in a bogey - free round to grab a three - stroke lead at the 800,000-dollar LPGA Tournament of Champions .
" After decades of American tyranny and oppression , now it 's our turn to die .
New Delhi announced Thursday it would cut the number of troops stationed in Indian Kashmir , mainly Hindu India 's only Muslim - majority state , where a revolt against Indian rule has raged since 1989 .
Fulham seemed re - energised in the second half and they equalised when Diop sent a piledriving volley past Cech from more than 25 yards .
Pompey took the lead after 12 minutes in comical fashion as Andreas Jakobsson planted a header past his own keeper Kasey Keller and in doing so clashed heads with Lomana Lualua and had to be substituted .
" And that 's of the utmost importance , because NATO is the unique transatlantic forum where everything we have , the big challenges of the world we are facing in the world today should be discussed , " Scheffer said .
Colleagues paid tribute Thursday to Robert Carsky , a US agricultural scientist who was killed last week when the Ivory Coast air force bombed a French military base in the rebel - held city of Bouake .
" Three planes will land this evening ( in Abidjan ) and will allow anyone who wishes to be repatriated to leave , " she said on France 3 television .
China 's inflation rate eased sharply in October as government efforts to slow the economy began to really bite , with price rises for food , one of the main culprits , showing some signs of slowing , the official data showed Friday .
Scandinavian Airlines ( SAS ) canceled some 50 domestic and European flights Friday at Copenhagen 's Kastrup airport after a walkout by Danish cabin crews , a company spokesman said .
Blair , Bush 's top Iraq war ally , leaves Thursday for Washington where he has been given the special honorary spot of being the first foreign leader to visit since the president 's reelection on November 2 .
Top Palestinian officials gathered around the grave of Yasser Arafat Saturday to say prayers marking the start of Eid al - Fitr , a day after their emblematic leader was buried amid highly emotional scenes at his Muqataa compound in Ramallah .
He is the first president of Niger to see out a full five - year term since democratic elections were introduced in 1993 .
Six people were killed and 65 seriously injured on Friday after a succession of earthquakes measuring up to 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked an island in eastern Indonesia , police said .
Beijing aims to increase trade with Brazil to 35 billion dollars by 2010 , said Li Ming Lin , secretary of China 's commerce ministry , who made his remarks in Sao Paulo before Hu 's arrival .
In the first half , global vehicle sales rose 10.9 percent from a year earlier to 275,00 , propelled by continuing record sales in Australia and a 40 percent jump in Europe .
US - led forces began a massive assault on the rebel stronghold city almost a week ago in the hope of retaking control ahead of January elections .
To date , Spain has detained 37 people since the launch last month of Operation Nova , aimed at smashing an Islamic cell accused of plotting a Madrid bombing campaign .
Despite his plethora of division titles , this is just the second Manager of the Year honor for Cox , who won his first in 1991 .
Australia 's military chief said Thursday an investigation was under way after a leading newspaper published a photo showing black recruits hounded in a Ku Klux Klan - style stunt .
According to excerpts from a party statement quoted by Basque radio station Euskadi on Saturday , Batasuna will on Sunday stress its determination to " move definitively beyond armed political conflict " in the Basque country .
In July , Israel 's supreme court rejected an appeal file by Vanunu , who sought the lifting of what he believed were unfairly severe restrictions .
At 1994 WTO talks in Uruguay , South Korea was allowed to limit its annual rice imports to four percent of its domestic need for 10 years until the end of 2004 .
Ray Lockett of R and G Products told the Evening Standard Thursday he had devised " Spikey " after his daughter was the victim of drink - spiking while out celebrating her birthday .
In the last years of his life , Arafat was a virtual prisoner -- living , sleeping and working in his office where a few mattresses had been scattered across the floor .
DRC is emerging from five years of war ( 1998 - 2003 ) estimated to have cost the lives , directly or indirectly , of three million people .
Compatriot Kelli White , however , told US athletics officials that she had taken EPO after testing postitive for the stimulant Modafinil during last year 's world championships in Paris where she won the 100 m and 200 m titles .
Officials in France said his body would be flown to Cairo from a military airport near Paris late Thursday afternoon .
Mubarak has been in power for the past 23 years and is widely expected to be given a fifth term in office following a single - candidate presidential referendum in September 2005 .
The plan originally foresaw the creation of a Palestinian state by 2005 , but Bush admitted this year that the deadline was too short .
Arafat died of an undisclosed illness in France last week and was buried Friday in the West Bank city of Ramallah , where he had spent the last several years shunned by both the United States and Israel .
A South Korean environmental activist who tried to live for 30 days on junkn South Korea .
Another former prominent member of the club , Saddam Hussein , was toppled from power after a quarter of a century of iron - fisted rule when US - led forces invaded Iraq in spring 2003 .
And Celtic 's run of seven consecutive Old Firm victories was ended on Wednesday night when Rangers won 2 - 1 in the Scottish League Cup .
The departure of the contractors who used the palace , which once belonged to a half - brother of toppled president Saddam Hussein , came after it was the target of heavy fire overnight .
Fulham nearly stunned their neighbours in the first minute when Steed Malbranque was challenged by John Terry and Andy Cole lashed a strike inches over Peter Cech 's crossbar .
The 19-member Japanese team arrived in the North Korean capital on Tuesday for a four - day dialogue and includes forensic experts .
rted out in the next few days , Trade Minister Mark Vaile says . (
China has no plans to raise electricity charges despite tight power supply during the winter months , the government said Saturday .
A poll conducted last month showed that Arafat , who died on Thursday in a French military hospital , had been likely to secure certain re - election , with Barghuti the second choice .
He claimed he put up with her " violent outbursts " and sexual harassment for a decade because he feared losing his high - paying job .
Bank of Portugal governor Vitor Constancio attacked Bagao Felix 's budget proposal , which slashes income taxes , Thursday as inadequate to resolve the crisis in Portuguese public finances .
HANOI : VIETNAM NEWS " NA passes Security Law , budget allocation for 2005 " The National Assembly ( NA ) voted to adopt the Law on National Security and the 2005 budget allocation yesterday .
On Wednesday , he extended the closure for another 24 hours .
New Zealand share prices closed 0.64 percent higher Thursday to continue their record - breaking advance , dealers said .
" Two Cobra helicopters were forced to make an emergency landing after taking small arms and rocket - propelled grenade fire , " she said .
Unfortunately , a hand grenade attack last night injured six of them , " Sary told AFP .
About 660 soldiers were found to have contracted the leishmaniasis parasite since US troops launched operations in Iraq in March 2003 , said Colonel Naomi Arenson , an expert on the disease at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
Suggitt brought in seven new personnel and made three positional switches Thursday in a bid to help Canada avoid another thrashing .
In Tehran , former president and top regime cleric Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was quoted Wednesday saying Iran was at a " crucial point " in its stand - off with the UN atomic watchdog .
Security services said that around 5,000 Arab Israelis were also expected to attend the service after having had to sign a form waiving the state of any responsibility for their security .
Educated in political science at Beir Zeit university near Ramallah , and fluent in English and Hebrew , he spent several of his teenage years in an Israeli jail before being exiled to Tunisia during the first intifada in 1988 .
Panic spread through the crowd after one guard fired two warning shots in the air , causing everyone to dash for cover , an AFP correspondent witnessed .
Last week , 26 Saudi Muslim scholars called on the Iraqi people to resist the " occupying forces " in their country , saying Jihad is a religious duty .
Three other men were also imprisoned for between 30 months and four years at the end of the one - day trial , the court clerk said .
Indonesia is planning to fast - track approvals for foreign investment in a bid to woo much needed overseas cash , the country 's top economic minister said Friday .
Loeb is aiming to become only the second driver to win six stages of the World Rally Championship in a year , following in the footsteps of Didier Auriol who achieved the feat in 1992 .
Bush also praised the work of Ashcroft who was one of two top officials to announce resignations on Tuesday .
" I think it ( the burial in Ramallah ) will be temporary and one day , when we have peace and we are alright as neighbors , president Arafat 's body will be moved to east Jerusalem , to the al - Aqsa mosque , " he added .
The bloodshed came despite frantic attempts by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi to maintain order in Sunni towns enraged by a three - day - old offensive by US and Iraqi government troops on the insurgent bastion of Fallujah .
At the Black Watch headquarters in Perth , central Scotland , the regimental flag was at half - mast on Thursday in remembrance of five servicemen who have lost their lives in the last fortnight .
Hong Kong gold prices opened lower Thursday at 430.80 - 431.30 US dollars an ounce , compared to Wednesday 's close of 431.60 - 432.10 dollars an ounce .
He could not identify the nationalities of the 50 or so non - Dutch evacuees from Ivory Coast , where anti - European sentiment has been at a fever pitch over a week of unrest .
Ngige is this week in the national capital Abuja and has not been directly menaced in the latest outbreak of fighting , aides said .
Dutch winger Arjen Robben , who has come into the side in recent weeks after injury , tormented Fulham 's German right - back Moritz Volz all afternoon and was the key to Chelsea 's victory .
European leaders marked the passing of Yasser Arafat Thursday with tributes , expressions of regret , hopes for progress in the region and warnings to their nationals to take extra care in Israel and the Palestinian territories .
Rawhi Fattuh , former parliamentary speaker , was sworn in as interim leader in the wake of Arafat 's death for a period of 60 days until elections are held , in line with the Palestinian basic law or mini - constitution .
The US State Department Wednesday authorized the voluntary departure from the Ivory Coast of diplomatic staff not needed for essential services and family members of US diplomats , saying the ongoing violence there threatens their safety .
French judicial sources have said that magistrates opened an investigation in October 2003 into transfers of up to 11.5 million euros ( 14.8 million dollars ) from Switzerland to bank accounts belonging to Arafat 's wife , Soha , in Paris .
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , lost 18 cents to 48.68 dollars a barrel in electronic trading at about 0930 GMT , after soaring by 1.49 dollars on Wednesday .
Palace manager Iain Dowie must have thought his side would leave with a point , but Baros earned another penalty in the final minute when he was brought down by Popovic .
President Olusegun Obasanjo last May 18 declared a renewable six - month state of emergency in central Plateau State following ethnic and religious unrest in which hundreds of people were killed .
These are to be followed by France and possibly Poland later in the year , while Britain has said it will likely hold its vote in early 2006 , along with Denmark and Ireland .
Flames raged around one car with four children trapped inside after the blast ripped through a line of vehicles at the peak of the morning rush hour .
France 's Amelie Mauresmo , chasing the year - end world number one ranking at the WTA Tour Championships , defeated Wimbledon Champion Maria Sharapova 7 - 5 , 6 - 4 on Saturday to complete round - robin play without a defeat .
Last year , he led the Palestinian delegation at a summit in Jordan to launch the roadmap peace plan , where he pledged to " resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation " .
Kewell has struggled since switching from Leeds United to Liverpool and has not scored a goal for Liverpool since February .
" In recognition of the improvement in the situation in the state , the government has decided to reduce the deployment of troops this winter , " the statement said .
" At such a difficult and fragile stage in the rehabilitation of Liberia , a large influx of new refugees from Ivory Coast would be very detrimental , creating further poverty and instability . "
Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong called US President George W. Bush on Wednesday to congratulate him on winning a second term in office and discuss issues including terrorism and tensions between China and Taiwan .
The " no - fly zone " debate had held up agreement of the security deal and a parallel humanitarian accord for several days .
Cheney 's long - time cardiologist , Doctor Jonathan Reiner , said the vice president was released from the hospital after tests ruled out any major health problems .
A spokeswoman for the court , Florence Hartmann , late Wednesday confirmed to AFP that Bralo had surrendered to NATO forces .
Palestinian officials denied reports he was suffering from leukaemia or had been poisoned and on November 1 , Leila Shahid , the Palestinian spokeswoman in France , said he was improving .
Brazil leads a UN stabilization force of 6,700 , which has been in Haiti since June .
-- Some 3,000 US troops pour into the city from the north , while intense shelling and missile fire rock the city long into the night .
" We must ask ourselves if we ( the Netherlands ) have not been naive over the past few years , and if for too long we have taken in just any one , " said Verdonk .
On the 10th day of the ordeal , the landlord wanted to take the room back .
Three Malaysian children survived five days lost in the jungle by consuming water and wild fruits , a report said Friday .
Draskovic spoke at the end of a two - day conference on the northern Adriatic Brijuni islands , which brought together five Balkan states seeking NATO membership and eight members of the alliance .
Arafat 's death was announced shortly after 0400 GMT , first by Palestinian ministers in Ramallah and then by French medical authorities in Paris .
Far from the crowds , young men gathered in a back - street cafe to smoke surreptitiously , sitting far out of sight as they broke the otherwise widely - observed fast of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
John Ruiz and Chris Byrd defend their heavyweight boxing crowns here Saturday while former champions Evander Holyfield and Hasim Rahman seek triumphs that might give them a chance to reclaim the throne .
The lawsuit says the two met in Tampa , Florida where Seals worked as a waitress in a bar , and remained together for about 10 years .
Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim - populated nation , is to host an Asian religious summit of Buddhist , Christian , Hindu and Islamic participants to discuss issues including terrorism , it was announced Thursday .
Fresh questions about the drug came after a clinical study Tuesday linked Bextra to a higher incidence of heart attacks and strokes in patients who had recently undergone coronary bypass surgery .
Dutch police early Wednesday had mounted a major anti - terror raid against the suspects holed up in the apartment , who retaliated by hurling a grenade that wounded three policemen .
The body of Arafat was expected to arrive back in his Muqataa leadership headquarters on Friday afternoon , where he was to be laid to rest in a courtyard after a funeral service in the Egyptian capital Cairo .
So he is meeting individually with them today so they will be able to give him their side of the story , and he will see how he can move forward the peace proces " Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma said Wednesday .
England face the tougher challenge of Tri - Nations champions South Africa at Twickenham next weekend before completing their autumn programme at home to World Cup finalists Australia on November 27 .
Relations between Madrid and Washington have been chilly in recent months , after the Socialists took government , in contrast with the warm relations the US administration enjoyed with Zapatero 's conservative predecessor Jose Maria Aznar .
ETA has killed some 800 people in its campaign for Basque independence and was initially seen as prime suspect for the March 11 train bombings in Madrid , which killed 191 people , before evidence emerged pointing at Islamic radicals .
On Tuesday , the provincial governor of Mosul declared a curfew until 6:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) Friday after at least five people , including three policemen , were killed in clashes throughout the city .
South African Prery Coast until Monday to give Mbeki time to hammer out a deal between the warring parties .
German triathlete Katja Schumacher tested positive for the banned hormone testosterone following her second place in Germany 's Ironman on July 11 .
Immediately following the announcement early Thursday that Arafat had died in a French military hospital outside Paris , the Israeli army began deploying reinforcements around towns and Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
Turkish newspapers on Friday dedicated several pages to late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , hailing him as a man who devoted his life to his people and questioning whether his passing will lead to peace in the Middle East .
" But then we managed to grab one back before half time , and that gave us the boost we needed .
BT lost 300,000 fixed - line customers in the second quarter , broadly in line with the first - quarter .
But the sect said most nations refused to attend after the junta last month sacked reformist prime minister General Khin Nyunt and put him under house arrest .
Fallujah , Baghdad , Mosul , Baiji , Hilla , Samarra and Hawijah are also under a military - enforced lockdown that has been imposed under a 60-day nationwide state of emergency declared before the Fallujah assault .
Schwarzenegger was to meet Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Friday and take his star appeal directly to the public at an outdoor venue Saturday , the final day on his first trip to Asia since becoming governor last year .
In the second phase , 660 million dollars will be spent on new facilities to build a system capable of producing 1.8 million tonnes of pulp annually .
The death of Yasser Arafat has offered Israelis and Palestinians a new chance for peace , the Israeli press said Friday , but papers did not try to hide their loathing of the veteran Palestinian leader .
" Hopefully next year I will be more stable all year .
The UN court charged Bralo in 1995 , but kept his indictment secret until mid - October to help police track him down .
Sluman and Kuehne had been one stroke off the pace after Friday 's opening modified alternate shot format .
Japan said Friday its gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew 0.1 percent in the three months to September from the previous quarter , or at an annualized rate of 0.3 percent , much weaker than expected .
Georgia - Abkhazia - Russia - politics TBILISI : Tbilisi and Moscow exchanged sharp words after Russia warned it would take measures to defend its interests in Georgia 's breakaway republic of Abkhazia where a crisis between rival leaders has escalated sharply .
A technically bold operation to pump out the vessel , unprecedented at such a depth , was started in June this year .
A French official Wednesday warned Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo that stirring up anti - French sentiment in his embattled country was a " dangerous game . "
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Thursday bid farewell to outgoing US ambassador George Argyros , who is due to leave his post later this month after a three - year tour of duty , Spanish government sources said .
Ivory Coast , the world 's biggest cocoa exporter and a former haven of stability in volatile West Africa , has been split into two warring camps since September 2002 , when soldiers mounted a rebellion in the north of the country .
South Africa open the tour with a three - day game at Jaipur on Sunday before taking on India in two Test matches .
They assured themselves of advancing as the top two players from the Black Group , with their exact order of finish to be determined when they meet Saturday in the last group match .
Intel Corp. said Thursday it has named Paul Otellini chief executive officer , replacing Craig Barrett , effective at the chip giant 's annual meeting on May 18 .
We did not want to make that public before .
Wigley 's position looked even more vulnerable when Pompey took the lead in the 12th minute when Andreas Jakobsson headed the ball into his own net .
Italy has pledged to reduce its public deficit next year to below the 3.0 percent of GDP limit set by the European Union 's Stability and Growth Pact .
Since the announcement of his death two hours earlier strong police reinforcements moved in around the hospital which French President Jacques Chirac was due to visit later in the morning .
Au has already built leisure parks in the United States and Australia and he expects to make a profit with his latest venture next year .
In a rematch of the final the two played in Philadelphia on Sunday , Mauresmo again emerged the winner , this time in 54 minutes .
The bank now estimates that inflation , the highest in southern Africa and also one of the highest in the world , will decline to between 150 and 160 percent by the end of the year .
Muslims consider Eid al - Fitr , which falls at the end of the Ramadan fasting month , a day of victory over worldly passion .
Edmundo Fujita , Brazil 's foreign ministry official in charge of the Asia - Oceania region , said that Hu will addresses the Brazilian congress on Friday .
But moderate Arab leaders still look to the United States as the only power capable of bringing together Israelis and Palestinians to end more than four years of bloodshed that has left more than 4,500 people dead .
" It 's only this year when Philippe Saint - Andre asked me to be Sale captain that I 'd ever thought about captaincy .
Confirmation of his death came just after 5:00 am ( 0400 GMT ) Thursday in a brief statement by the French army 's top doctor , Christian Estripeau .
An official funeral ceremony was to be held Friday in the Egyptian capital Cairo , followed by a burial in Arafat 's battered Muqataa leadership compound in Ramallah .
Italian energy group Enel posted Thursday a 33 percent slump in third - quarter net profit but stood by its forecast for an improvement for the full - year 2004 .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan will send his Middle East envoy , Terje Roed - Larsen , to represent him at Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's funeral Friday in Cairo , the United Nations said Thursday .
Luxembourg and the Netherlands are also expected to vote in the first half of next year .
Wade was scheduled to attend a regional summit meeting on the crisis in Abuja , Nigeria on Sunday .
Safin , last year 's Australian Open runner - up , won titles at Beijing in September , Madrid on October and Paris this month .
In an attempt to ease tensions in the Ivory Coast , France has opted not to point the finger of blame at President Laurent Gbagbo for the violence that has roiled the country in the past week .
Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for revealing the country 's nuclear ambitions , was re - arrested Thursday , police said .
Ngige is this week in thAbuja and has not been directly menaced in the latest outbreak of fighting , aides said .
Enel plans to sell Wind within two years .
This year I have won many more matches where I could have lost .
Edmundo Fujita , Brazil 's foreign ministry official in charge of the Asia - Oceania region , said that Hu will address the Brazilian congress on Friday .
Some poor defending was pivotal to the goal and this theme continued in the 69th minute when Martin Petrov walzed around Markus Babbel to rifle past Timo Hildebrand .
A previously unknown group threatened to kill three of Allawi 's relatives within 48 hours unless he halts the attack and releases all Iraqi prisoners .
The funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , due to be held Friday in Cairo , the city where he was born 75 years ago , will be a sombre occasion with many of the world 's foreign ministers in attendance .
The dollar fetched 107.08 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .
" In four years , he 's reorganized the Department of Justice to meet the new threat of terrorism .
I want to be a martyr , a martyr , a martyr , " he said in March 2002 , at the height of Operation Defensive Shield .
Park is battling fatigue after a grueling schedule in addition to 38 rivals at the event , played on a soggy Robert Trent Jones Trail course .
" Govern - ator " Arnold Schwarzenegger revved up a crowd of Japanese shoppers Saturday in a flashy sales pitch for California that borrowed heavily from his Hollywood appeal .
Japanese police said 12,143 people were still in shelters as of Friday in Niigata prefecture after losing their homes or fleeing for their safety .
Amid the mounting tension , Farrell was wide with a drop - goal attempt nine minutes from the end .
In April 2003 , 30 children died in a fire in a hostel for deaf and mute children in Makhachkala , the capital of the Caucasus republic of Dagestan .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced Thursday a troop reduction in disputed Kashmir this winter , a move welcomed by regional rival Pakistan as a boost to peace efforts .
The bodies of three of the soldiers , killed on Thursday while manning a vehicle checkpoint , were due to be returned to Britain on Wednesday .
Some Taiwan newspapers had said Vohor had not secured the advance approval of Vanuatu 's cabinet before he travelled to Taiwan and made the announcement .
Accused of masterminding a large part of the Iraqi insurgency , Zarqawi was the reason behind the US - led assault on Fallujah in which the US military said 1,000 insurgents were killed in six days .
" After a positive start , theological dialogue with the Orthodox churches has run into serious difficulties over the last 15 years , " said Monsignor Elueterio Fortino , under - secretary of the Council for Christian Unity .
Tunisian president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali carried out a far - reaching government reshuffle Wednesday , little more than two months after winning a fourth five - year term .
Total outstanding deposits in both yuan and foreign currency at the end of October rose 15.3 percent year - on - year to 24.96 trillion yuan .
" We are now now kicking off the process for a second phase of project financing , " he said , adding that it would be worth one billion dollars .
Mahathir , who championed the Palestinian cause during his 22 years in power before retiring in October last year , said his pessimism was also fueled by the re - election of US President George W. Bush .
Yasser Arafat , who spearheaded an ultimately unsuccessful struggle for Palestinian statehood for the last four decades , died Thursday in a French military hospital at the age of 75 .
Total vehicle output in October fell 14.47 percent on a monthly basis to 374,300 units , while sales were down 7.83 percent to 404,700 .
Asked why Andy Robinson , in his first match in charge since succeeding World Cup - winning head coach Sir Clive Woodward , had substituted him with 30 minutes left , the captain replied : " There 's been no explanation .
CAIRO : Egypt prepares to hold funeral for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Friday - Civil aviation authority releases a report on the crash of a Flash Airlines aircraft that left 148 dead in January .
More than 30 hostages have been killed by their captors in Iraq since a wave of kidnappings erupted in April that has seen over 150 foreigners seized .
While large parts of the country are suffering drought , many others areas have been hit by heavy rains and floods this year , with hundreds of people dying and thousands injured .
The UN Security Council had been set to adopt a resolution Wednesday that gave Ivory Coast 30 days to implement a stalled peace pact or face sanctions , including an arms embargo .
" I think the 2006 World Cup in Germany is probably as far as it will go for me as an England player , " the 29-year - old former Manchester United star , who now plays for Real Madrid , was quoted as saying .
BSkyB said it was on track to achieve its target of 8.0 million subscribers by December 2005 .
" No one can take the risk of seeing a chaotic situation in this territory after the Israeli withdrawal , " Gilboa noted .
The prisoners are being held under the Emergency ( Public Order and Prevention of Crime ) Ordinance , under which the government can detain suspects for two years to preserve public order or prevent violence .
The important thing is to build relations , " Inzamam said ahead of Saturday 's day - night international at the Eden Gardens here .
The US Energy Department on Wednesday said US crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million .
" Our kicking was not good , " said 40-year - old Laporte , who blasted Michalak last season for his wayward kicking .
" We played very well in the first - half of the Scottish match but then had a poor second - half and that we can not afford to do so against the French , " said the ACT Brumbies firebrand .
World number two Peter Gade was stunned by Chinese teenager Gong Weijie in straight sets on Thursday as he failed to reach the quarter - finals of the China Open .
This view is weaker than the assessment issued last month that the underlying trend in machinery orders was " on the rise " and represents the first such downgrade since September 2001 .
Bolton missed the chance to overhaul Everton in third place despite hitting the woodwork and coming close to winning the match before Hitzlesperger 's wonder strike .
In the southern West Bank , meanwhile , a 22-year - old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces after troops opened fire at a group of stone - throwing protesters , medical sources and witnesses said .
Rumsfeld on Friday is expected to meet with Salvadoran President Antonio Saca and his Defense Minister Otto Alejandro Romero .
Ivory Coast , where a week of violence has led to the mass evacuation of foreigners , was clearly headed for civil war , a spokesman for the rebel New Forces holding the northern part of the country said Thursday .
" I love ovals and I 've been wanting to do it for a few years , " Carpentier said . "
Share prices in Tokyo opened marginally higher Thursday , with the Nikkei-225 index gaining 17.91 points or 0.16 percent to 11,012.87 in the first five minutes of trading .
After a number of health scares since late 2003 , Mubarak , 76 , returned home in July after spending two and a half weeks in Germany where he underwent surgery for a slipped disc .
Campbell will be looking to rediscover some of his past top form after a disappointing season .
" The Fed did exactly as was expected ... and we 're exactly where we were ( before the announcement ) , " said Stephen Masocca , president and head of trading at Pacific Growth Equities .
" I 'm not surprised by the third quarter results because several indicators had already shown that July and August were lagging months , " Raffarin said : But he went on : " I now have very positive indicators .
The president later criticised Arafat for holding up another peace intiative .
We 're looking forward to the challenge because they 're currently the in - form centres in the game , especially with Marius being nominated as one of the International Rugby Board 's players of the year . "
- 1970 Sept : Ejected from Amman after thousands of Palestinians are killed in clashes with Jordanian forces , Arafat establishes PLO headquarters in Beirut .
The raids have been widely condemned as a violation of an 18-month - old ceasefire reached under a January 2003 peace pact to address the root causes of the uprising .
Tens of thousands of people have died in Kashmir in rebel - related violence since the eruption of the insurgency against Indian rule 15 years ago .
Picture Japan 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) preliminary data for July - September to be released at 2350 GMT Thursday . (
Bulgarian international Dimitar Berbatov , who had hit the post in the first half , took advantage of some invisible marking to head in a corner from the right .
" The ministers will cross paths Friday but no meeting is scheduled for Thurdsay evening . "
Arafat , 75 , died early Thursday in a French military hospital outside Paris after being flown there from his Ramallah headquarters nearly two weeks ago .
Now investment too appears to have gotten started after a couple of years of reduced spending levels , " the finance ministry noted in a quarterly economic bulletin .
Spanish Citroen driver Carlos Sainz had also been forced to withdraw before the event started after suffering a neck injury when he crashed during a practice run earlier in the week .
In July this year , al - Mustapha 's lawyer Olalekan Ojo asked the Lagos high court to restrain leading state prosecutor Yemi Osibajo from handling the case , alleging bias .
The latest message was conveyed as Japan and North Korea held talks in Pyongyang over the North 's nuclear program and Japanese nationals kidnapped by agents from Pyongyang during the Cold War years .
Kimmorley 's goal cut the gap to six points and the British defence looked sure to crack again as the visitors launched wave after wave of attack .
European Union economic commissioner Joaquin Almunia warned Wednesday that the undervaluation of China 's currency was an economic headache for Europe .
Real play Albacete in the Primera Liga on Sunday , a game where Beckham could make his return from injury after a six - week absence .
Taiwan share prices closed 1.24 percent lower Thursday , with investors unsettled by the US Federal Reserve decision to hike interest rates and a fresh pick up in oil prices , dealers said .
Eight French troops and a US civilian were killed when the Sukhoi-25 fighter plane dropped a 500-pound bomb on the camp on Saturday .
His critics describe him as anachronistic , with Palestinian Authority foreign minister Nabil Shaath overshadowing him at the regional and international levels in recent years .
Moody 's Investors Service said Tuesday it was placing the Philippines under review for possible downgrade owing to concerns over the deterioration in the government 's fiscal and debt positions .
The US Department of Energy t crude had tumbled by about 14 percent over two weeks , and Brent by 15 percent as supplies recovered from hurricane - induced losses in the Gulf of Mexico .
" We hope he will be able to play in the New Zealand series starting next month , " de Silva said . "
" He is seriously injured , " a defence ministry spokesman told AFP after the incident which took place in the vicinity of Camp Dogwood , 25 miles ( 40 kilometres ) southwest of Baghdad .
PSG 's eighth straight win over their arch rivals was their second within three days - Vahid Halilhodzic 's side having seen off Jose Anigo 's men 2 - 1 in the league on Sunday .
Bolivia 's government on Thursday declared a central swathe of the country a disaster zone in the wake of a severe drought and frosts that have wracked havoc with the crops and livestock of some 4,000 rural families .
I thought he was their best player today , that 's all I 'm concerned about - he has hurt us badly today .
A block sale of Globe Telecom shares worth 6.65 billion pesos boosted Thursday 's turnover after the Ayala group sold a 5.0 percent stake in the company to Singapore Telecommunications .
Arafat had been critically ill since being airlifted to France on October 29 from the Muqataa , where he was to be laid to rest at around 1400 GMT Friday .
Sharapova , 17 , hit 23 winners to finish off Kuznetsova in one hour .
They were aboard three " dangerously overcrowded " vessels spotted between October 30 and November 7 .
Talented fast bowler Irfan Pathan has been declared fit after missing the last two Tests against Australia with a side strain .
UN war crimes prosecutors Thursday questioned former ethnic Albanian rebel - turned - politician Ramush Haradinaj for a second time over his role in the 1998 - 99 Kosovo war .
It was in this spirit that the historical commission was set up in October last year .
After a minute 's silence was observed in the Palestinian parliament for Arafat , Fattuh took the oath of office and promised that elections for a permanent successor would be held within 60 days .
" We will be moving in the next day or so in Mosul to restore the rule of law , " he said , without providing details .
A separate opinion poll conducted by the TVBS news network in September indicated that for the first time more people here felt they were " Taiwanese " ( 45 percent ) rather than " Taiwanese and Chinese " ( 41 percent ) .
I think it is possible , " Bush said after a summit with British Prime Minister Tony Blair in Washington .
" I will attend the funeral , but we will determine later today who else from Turkey will also be there , " Gul told reporters here .
Earlier Thursday , Schwarzenegger met with Toyota Motor Corp. president Fujio Cho , his staff said .
Draw for the quarter - finals of the English League Cup made here Wednesday : Watford v Portsmouth Tottenham v Liverpool Fulham v Chelsea Manchester United v Arsenal Ties to be played on Nov 30 and Dec 1 afp04
Some 8,000 Jewish settlers live in the Gaza Strip , although they are due to be evacuated next year , and nearly another 240,000 live in the West Bank .
The shapely bathing suit - clad lifeguards of the hit US television show " Baywatch " are heading to the big screen , the entertainment press said Wednesday .
Blair said in the British parliament that he would " stress again the importance 005 but Bush admitted this year that the deadline was too short .
The Australian - born opener was the only Kiwi batsman to cash in after all of the team's3 ) at the end .
White said South Africa would have to regroup in time for next week 's encounter with England .
Another major mover was APN News and Media which rose 23 cents to 5.53 dollars , its highest level since listing in June .
Federer came here last year only 4 - 5 against top-10 foes and was 0 - 3 against Andre Agassi and 0 - 5 against David Nalbandian .
Vieira dispossessed Naybet and when Spurs defender Ledley King missed another effort at clearing the danger the French midfielder surged towards goal before finishing with aplomb by lifting the ball over the advancing Paul Robinson .
Israel described his death as good news for the Middle East while US President George W. Bush , who had boycotted Arafat for the last four years , said his passing was " a significant moment in Palestinian history . "
Arafat , 75 , was pronounced dead in Paris Thursday after falling critically ill and being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
On October 13 , La Tribune reported that a study by banks advising EADS had recommended a three - phase takeover .
American woman 's asonable terms with the Kremlin , unlike Yukos founder Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who has been in jail for more than a year as he faces trial on seven counts of fraud and tax evasion .
Australian Soccer Association ( ASA ) chief executive John O'Neill leaves for London on Sunday to confirm the position as Australia launch an all - out bid to qualify for the 2006 World Cup finals in Germany .
Some 723 nationals arrived here by ship while another 600 returned on Wednesday , immigration officials said .
Delta vowed to chop five billion dollars from annual operating expenses by 2006 , and it says it is on track to lower costs by 2.3 billion this year .
The Italian government gave the green light for genetically modified ( GMO ) crops Thursday but said regions were free to ban them if their citizens wished .
Six people were killed and 13 were missing after a coal mine gas explosion in China 's southwestern province of Sichuan on Saturday , the official Xinhua news agency reported .
Portuguese Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes welcome Hu in the northern city of Oporto where he was staying before departing on Thursday morning for Brazil .
The Oscar - winning Moore has agreed with Miramax studios ' movie mogul Harvey Weinstein to begin work immediately on " Fahrenheit 9/11 1/2 " , which should be ready for release in three years , Daily Variety said .
Ireland flanker Johnny O'Connor aims to use the memory of last season 's injury frustration to his advantage when he makes his long - awaited Test debut against Tri - Nations champions South Africa at Lansdowne Road here Saturday .
Today you can speak out without risking going to prison , " he said .
India - transport - stampede NEW DELHI : Four women and a 12-year - old girl died and at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at the Indian capital 's main railway station as thousands tried to board a train .
Although the country 's October 9 election was held without long - expected violence , the security situation has deteriorated in recent weeks with the abduction of three UN foreign workers supervising the election on October 28 .
They suspended peace talks with the government in August after they failed to persuade the United States and European countries to remove them from their lists of international terrorists .
The US military said on Thursday that the trials of three US soldiers accused of prisoner abuse in the Abu Ghraib scandal will be moved to the United States from Iraq .
A mass exodus out of the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka was underway Thursday as thousands of people boarded buses , trains and dangerously overloaded ferries to head home for the Eid al - Fitr festival .
However he remained on friendly terms with Arafat and was the first of his senior lieutenants to attend the hospital in France where Arafat lost his fight for life early Thursday .
" He was indeed a pioneer who had laid out the foundation for the establishment of a Palestinian state , " he said , adding Arafat came to Japan six times since October 1981 and " deepened his friendship " with many Japanese .
Palestinian parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh was sworn in Thursday as acting head of the Palestinian Authority after the death of veteran leader Yasser Arafat .
Beijing last month angrily rejected Chen 's call for peace talks , accusing the Taiwan leader of cheating the public and risking " great catastrophe " if he pushed for independence for the island .
The assault was launched on Monday to break down a tenacious Iraqi insurgency that risks compromising key elections planned for January .
But the tough - talking premier 's family became caught up in the mayhem when a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , his wife and their daughter - in - law in Baghdad overnight .
600 words by Hassen Zenati Mideast - Arafat - Jordan AMMAN Relations between Jordan and veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died Thursday were marked by mutual distrust and the bloody military confrontation of " Black September " in 1970 .
Cambodia 's 13 million people are struggling to recover after nearly three decades of war that formally ended in 1998 .
The idea of a free trade agreement between Egypt and the United States had made no progress for several years .
Arafat won the Nobel peace prize 10 years ago after the Oslo accords but the peace process collapsed four years ago with the launch of the Palestinian intifada against Israeli occupation .
A Canadian and a Danish general are left in a two - horse race for NATO 's top military job to be decided next week , officials said Wednesday .
But last month the European Commission , the executive arm of the European Union , formally objected to the proposed merger , expressing concern to Lisbon that the deal could make Portugal 's main electricity and gas providers overwhelmingly dominant .
On Saturday , Myskina was to take on Dementieva while Davenport faced a tough clash with Williams that likely had a semi - final berth riding on it .
- 1967 June : In the aftermath of the Arab defeat in the Six Day War and Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories , Arafat emerges from hiding after two years under the nom de guerre of Abu Ammar .
The euro , which hit an all - time high of 1.3005 in New York Wednesday , dropped to 1.2877 dollars in Tokyo and fell to 137.82 yen from 138.10 yen .
The Eagles visit Dallas on Monday night trying to recover from their first loss of the season , a 27 - 3 whipping by Pittsburgh .
But after a series of doctors examined him , and with Israel , which had held him under virtual siege for three years , announcing he could go where he liked for treatment , he was flown to Paris .
" Where else can you go surfing in the morning , snow skiing at lunchtime , and golfing in the desert in the evening before you have your romantic dinner ? "
Four months into the siege , pictures of bulldozers gnawing away at his battered compound while he and his closest aides hunkered down in a single building without electricity or water captured the world 's imagination .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair , who flew to Washington Thursday ahead of talks with Bush with the peace process at the top of agenda , said : " Peace in the Middle East must be the international community 's highest priority . "
" The Holy Father prays to the prince of peace that the star of harmony will soon shine on the Holy Land and that the two peoples dwelling therein may live reconciled among themselves as two independent and sovereign states . "
The writing was on the wall for the North Americans after the first scrum when their pack caved in and although England , thanks to some handling errors , failed to capitalise then it was not long before their dominance told .
The project is expected to begin after it wins approval from the United Nations and the governments of Japan and China .
This was PSG 's eighth straight win over Marseille and their second within three days - Vahid Halilhodzic 's side having seen off Jose Anigo 's men 2 - 1 in the league on Sunday .
Early Thursday , Estripeau read a short statement saying only : " Mr Yasser Arafat , president of the Palestinian Authority , died at Percy military hospital at Clamart on November 11 at 3:30 am ( 0230 GMT ) . "
Responding to rumours that a decision to bring his life to a premature end by taking him off a life - support machine after 13 days in the military hospital , Halevi said : " No , I do n't believe it was switched off .
Yudhoyono , who will return home immediately after the funeral to fulfill Muslim Eid al - Fitr festival obligations , said last month he wanted to take an active role in campaigning for an independent Palestinian state .
Saudi leaders paid tribute to deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Thursday and offered condolences to his people , the official SPA news agency reported .
The Hang Seng Index ended the morning up 155.04 points at 13,779.55 , off a high of 13,814.62 .
The consumer price index ( CPI ) increased by 0.1 percent in the month , compared with a decrease of 0.1 percent in October last year , according to figures released by the Central Statistics Office .
Most people are expected to head towards the city after the last Friday prayers of the fasting month of Ramadan .
President George W. Bush paid tribute to US troops taking part in the offensive in the Iraqi city of Fallujah , in a speech Thursday honouring all of America 's war veterans .
Pentagon scientists invented the systems that became the Internet starting four decades ago but the Internet leapt forward once it emerged in the world of commerce a decade ago .
Benitez said on Wednesday that Kewell 's fitness was causing concern and suggested his decision to travel halfway around the world to play against the Solomon Islands had not helped his cause .
Since the independence - leaning Chen was re - elected in March , China has renewed its long - standing vow to wage war against Taiwan should it declare formal independence .
Wounded civilians were being ferried out of Fallujah on Saturday after US - led troops gained control of most of the restive Iraqi city that has become a rubble - strewn battlefield in six days of deadly fighting .
Within hours , the handful of Palestinian supporters who had maintained a vigil outside the hospital swelled to a crowd of several hundred , many of them leaving candles and messages .
Barghuti , one of the main inspirations behind the intifada , was sentenced to five life terms in an Israeli prison in June in the highest level " terror trial " held since the uprising broke out in September 2000 .
Japan sent two destroyers after the submarine along with a surveillance plane , which had been tracking the vessel by dropping wireless microphone buoys .
He kissed Shahid and Arafat 's wife Suha farewell before leaving for his official offices off the Champs - Elysees .
She 'll now have a day off while Dementieva was slated to be back in action on Thursday against American Serena Williams as round - robin play continued .
Germany 's riders had already been involved in controversy after the Games .
Former world champion Irina Slutskaya staged a perfect comeback to figure skating when she lifted the women 's title Saturday at the Cup of China , the fourth leg of the ISU Grand Prix series .
On Thursday and Friday , Bush will meet at the White House with chief US ally , British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
At least 4,000 of the 5,500 inmates at the main prison in the Ivory Coast commercial capital Abidjan took advantage of work on a new security system to break out of jail over the weekend , officials said Wednesday .
He was arrested on April 15 that year and consistently rejected the Israeli court 's authority to prosecute him .
On Friday the drivers will compete on gravel road stages through forests about 150 km south of Perth .
In the nine months to September , net profit amounted to 164 million euros , compared with a loss of 409 million euros a year earlier .
The first ever Asian Cadet championship , for boys under 17 years of age , was held in Vietnam last month , .
Torrential rains lashed central Japan overnight leaving at least one person dead and forcing some 2,290 households to be temporarily evacuated , police said Friday .
CIA deputy director John McLaughlin announced his " purely personal decision " to retire Friday after more than 30 years at the spy agency .
" Her groundstrokes were unbelievable , " Zvonareva said of Mauresmo , who made just six unforced errors in the 54-minute match . "
French troops , alongside mainly west African soldiers forming a UN mission , have been patrolling ceasefire lines between the government - held south and rebel north of Ivory Coast , split since ethnic and political crises led to civil war two years ago .
The military has now removed the threat from the intelligence wing after a crackdown on corruption which was also seen as a move to wrest control of lucrative business interests once controlled by intelligence officials .
Six people were killed and 100 injured , many seriously , on Friday after a succession of earthquakes measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked an island in eastern Indonesia , police said .
High tech firms were firmer after losses Thursday .
Bush -- who in November 2004 became the first US president ever to pay a full - dress state visit to London -- also conferred with NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer in Washington this past week .
Taiwan - Vanuatu - diplomacy - China ) TOKYO : Japan 's search for a suspicious submarine gets more difficult as the vessel leaves an area open for Japanese surveillance planes after Tokyo raises the issue with China . (
The growing US Hispanic population is becoming a strong economic force whose influence will rise in the next decade , a US economic research organization said Thursday .
Last month the NLC and its allies paralysed markets , banks , public transport , schools and offices in Nigeria 's major cities for four days during what they called a " warning strike " over the dergulation policy .
Syrian President Bashar al - Assad was present for Yasser Arafat 's funeral in Cairo Friday , despite years of frosty relations with the Palestinian leader , an AFP correspondent reported .
Sales grew by 5.5 percent to 9.765 billion euros in the third quarter , taking nine month sales up by six percent to 35.359 billion euros .
They face each other in the last Black Group match on Saturday .
Six of the rebels died in three clashes in southern Anantnag district Thursday and overnight , a police spokesman said .
The Italian tire , cable and real estate group Pirelli said Thursday it swung into profit in the third quarter and reiterated its full - year guidance of a significant improvement in profitability .
However the French deservedly took the lead through a thrilling try by Brusque in the 10th minute .
attempt to ease tensions in the Ivory Coast , France has opted not to point the finger of blame at President Laurent Gbagbo for the violence that has roiled the country in the past week .
Tottenham 's new manager Martin Jol must have thought his side would earn a memorable point but the impressive Robert Pires squeezed in Arsenal 's fifth before Frederic Kanoute finished the scoring two minutes from the end of a pulsating match .
Cocoa traders were bracing for further shocks after prices hit record highs this week over the unrest in Ivory Coast .
Greenspan seems determined to steadily withdraw the easy - money stimulus , injected as the economy took a series of blows from the September 11 , 2001 attacks to a deflationary menace and an oil shock .
But in reference to the recognition question , he said Friday that " a country who wants to be a member of the European Union has a duty to comprehend that there are rules of behaviour .
The submarine violated Japanese territorial waters for about two hours on Wednesday .
The Palestinian leader died in a Paris hospital in the early hours of Thursday .
Japan 's search for a submarine that entered its waters near a disputed gas field entered a second day Thursday as media reports quoted defence officials as saying the vessel was most likely Chinese .
" In the last four years , the obstacle to peace was Sharon .
Pakistan has cautiously welcomed the step , announced late Thursday by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who warned , however , New Delhi would review the move should there be a resurgence in separatist violence .
The Japanese navy was still trailing the submarine with two destroyers and a surveillance airplane after continuing the chase through the night , a defence agency spokesman said .
A Spanish air force Boeing 707 , with a capacity for 160 passengers , was sparkling on the tarmac Wednesday afternoon in Abidjan to carry off between 40 and 50 Spaniards along with a smattering of other expatriates .
" By killing Arafat today , Israel has killed r recognition of their national rights . "
US officials have been notably silent in recent days about the dollar 's weakness , which makes US exports cheaper on international markets .
Inflation should jump from 0.2 percent this year to 1.8 percent in 2005 , compared to 0.9 percent in 2003 , the government said .
The government is having difficulty communicating with unnamed contacts who have acted as go - betweens with the Iraqi militants holding Tarongoy , a 31-year - old Filipino accountant kidnapped in Baghdad on November 1 , the diplomat added .
Cenibra shipped 330,000 tonnes of wood pulp to Japanese paper companies and about 100,000 tonnes to China last year , the report said .
They maintained an impressive run - rate even after the early dismissal of batting star Sachin Tendulkar as Laxman kept the scoreboard moving with singles and twos .
A US soldier was killed and three others injured at their military base near Baghdad during an exchange of fire , the army announced in a statement Sunday .
And so we hope that these countries , Philippines , Malaysia , Indonesia for example , by the end of this year will put forward their initial services offers , " he said .
Iraq 's international airport in Baghdad will remain closed for commercial flights until further notice , the office of Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Saturday .
Holyfield , 42 , has won only twice in eight fights over the past six years , including a loss to Byrd and being stopped by James Toney a year ago .
Hundreds of people took to the streets of Gaza City after the announcement of his death with dozens of people unleashing volleys of gunfire into the air , while the radical Islamist movement Hamas offered its condolences .
" I started pretty well today , but ended bad the last couple of holes .
The first Test at the Gabba gets underway on November 18 .
The airport in the economic capital Abidjan , under control of the French military since Saturday , was to reopen Thursday according to state radio , but it was not known when commercial flights would resume .
Japan 's core private - sector machinery orders in September fell 1.9 percent from August , prompting the government to downgrade its view on economic trends for the first time in three years .
A separatist insurgency in the Muslim - majority south has continued sporadically for decades and sparked into life again in January with a raid on an army depot by militants who killed four soldiers and looted hundreds of weapons .
Malaysia has extended a 17-day amnesty programme for illegal immigrants to leave the country without fear of being punished , a report said Thursday .
" It was an investment that was worth it , " the minister insisted following a ministerial meeting here to assess the cost of the games , which were held August 13 - 29 .
" I will do everything I can to make sure that this peace process becomes reinvigorated , " Blair told parliament on Monday , adding such efforts would be raised during his talks in Washington .
Five Balkan states seeking NATO membership and eight current members are to meet this weekend in Croatia to discuss the contribution the candidates might make to allianmce operations , the Hina news agency said Thursday .
The matches resumed this year when India undertook its first Test tour of Pakistan since 1989 in March - April and won both the Test and one - day series .
" Arafat has done his duty as a defender of the Palestinian cause , with courage and honesty , " Tantawi said , before calling " Allahu Akbar " ( God is great ) four times .
German airline Lufthansa turned up the pressure on its employees on Thursday , complaining that it was behind schedule in its planned cost - cutting , even though the national flag carrier managed to turn in improved earnings in the third quarter .
Arafat was elected head of the Palestinian Authority in the first and only elections in January 1996 .
Paris Saint Germain will be bidding to build on the momentum of their double whammy over arch - rivals Marseille by getting their French title ambitions back on track against Bordeaux on Saturday .
Terry Francona , whose Boston Red Sox won 98 games in the regular season before going 11 - 3 in the playoffs to win their first World Series since 1918 , was fifth with eight points .
Boualem was detained early Monday near the eastern Spanish city of Valencia , and Boukiri was held Tuesday at Santa Pola near Alicante .
The board will hold its next monthly policy review on November 18 .
A second Paris - bound plane , an Airbus A-330 filled with another 250 people lifted off mid - afternoon Wednesday from Abidjan airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .
The Palestinians had planned to hold presidential elections in the spring of next year even before Arafat 's health crisis erupted .
Celtic started the game in a determined mood to pick up all three points and took the lead after only three minutes .
The Senegalese leader said in an interview published Saturday that France 's military presence in Ivory Coast was an indispensable factor in preventing massacres .
Turkish leaders Thursday expressed sorrow at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and pledged their country 's continuing support to the Palestinian struggle for an independent state .
Afterwards , ordinary Palestinians trickled past the burial site , reciting verses from the Koran and kneeling at the grave of the only leader most of them had ever known , a man who championed their cause for two generations .
The Japanese navy trailed the submarine with two destroyers and a surveillance airplane throughout the night , a Defence Agency spokesman said .
The institute said that " acquired growth " this year was now 2.0 percent , which rendered unlikely that the economy would meet the government 's 2004 target of 2.5 percent , or even INSEE 's own estimate in October of 2.4 percent .
In the first nine months of the current year , MobilCom 's operating profit , as measured by earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) , jumped by 57 percent to 136.8 million euros ( 176 million dollars ) .
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe has left for Egypt to attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the state - run Herald newspaper reported Friday .
Udinese climbed to third after winning their fourth match in a row , a 3 - 0 victory away to troubled Roma .
A bipartisan fact - finding mission from the Japanese parliament called Wednesday for a slash in development aid to China , which has so far totalled nearly 32 billion dollars , citing China 's growing economy and hostility toward Japan .
Two other bombs went off within two hours of the first on Friday but nobody was injured , according to officials .
" The European trio is not in a position to guarantee what the 35-nation board will do November 25 , " said the diplomat .
The worsening security situation in the Palestinian territories , highlighted by an unprecedented spree of kidnappings , prompted Qorei to submit his resignation to Arafat on July 17 .
Some Taiwan nee strike will go on as scheduled on November 16 , " he said .
The United States , which backed Israeli moves to isolate Arafat after the resumption of the Palestinian uprising in 2000 , announced it was sending its special Middle East envoy , William Burns .
The 43-year - old Dahlan , who is fluent in Hebrew after having spent several years in an Israeli jail as a young man , remains an extremely powerful figure in the Gaza Strip , where he once headed the PA preventive security service .
Miroslav Klose was rested in midweek and showed his sharpness with an instinctive strike in the 19th minute after Bayer goalkeeper Hans Jorg Butt had fumbled a cross .
Up to 40 suspected militants have been killed by Pakistani troops hunting Al - Qaeda fighters in a rugged region bordering Afghanistan this week , a senior military official said Saturday .
The trend continued after the restart with Paterson again underlining his attacking talent by latching on to a clever Parks chip to complete his double .
The second and final Test will begin at Calcutta on November 28 .
Prior to Wednesday 's rebound in prices , New York light sweet crude had tumbled by about 14 percent in two weeks , and Brent by 15 percent as supplies showed signs of recovery after hurricane - induced losses in the Gulf of Mexico .
Their repatriation on Wednesday brought to more than 240 the number of Haitians sent back home since October 30 , the Coast Guard said in a statement .
Fox will introduce the service to high speed mobile phone users in 23 other countries later next year .
China 's producer prices rose 8.4 percent on - year in October as inflation in raw materials led to the highest prices of factory gate goods in eight years , official data showed Thursday .
His trial was adjourned until November 21 when judges will decide whether there are legal grounds to continued proceedings .
Thomas Hitzlesperger scored a sensational late winner to end Bolton 's unbeaten home run as Aston Villa triumphed 2 - 1 at The Reebok Stadium on Saturday .
" In some cases seven families are living in one room at the tourist village and sometimes 300 people have to wait in line to use the toilet , " he said .
But his status as the 40-year symbol of the Palestinians ' fight for their homeland was never challenged and he leaves a huge gap , difficult to fill .
Four trucks , three ambulances and a minibus left the Red Crescent 's headquarters in Baghdad earlier in the day .
After winning the opening three stages , Gronholm 's strangehold was finally broken by Loeb , the new world champion , who took out stage four ahead of his rival but could only cut 1.2 secs off his overall lead .
United Nations staff are investigating reports that civilians are being armed in a province in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , a source at the UN mission in DRC ( MONUC ) said Saturday .
He died there in the early hours of Thursday after sinking into a coma .
Local police earlier identified the two , detained in the northeastern village of Canici , as Tomislav Popovic , brother of a war crimes suspect wanted for genocide by the UN war crimes court , and Nedjo Lozanovic .
The moderate former prime minister Mahmud Abbas , who met several times with Sharon during his brief premiership last year , has taken over as head of Arafat 's Palestine Liberation Organisation and dominant Fatah faction .
At the bottom line , net profit nearly doubled at the nine - month stage , soaring 98 percent to 37.4 million euros , even if net profit fell by 25 percent to 11 million euros in the third - quarter alone .
In Jordan , Zarqawi was tried and sentenced in 1994 to 15 years in prison for membership in an illegal group and arm .
Two photographers Friday filed a lawsuit against Cameron Diaz and Justin Limberlake claiming the celebrity couple tried to start a fight with them and took one of their cameras outside a Hollywood hotel .
The Swiss insurance group Zurich Financial Services said Friday it had suspended several employees following a review of its business with US insurance broking giant Marsh and McLellan , which is facing a legal probe over alleged bid rigging .
McCline , 34 , has won three fights in a row since being stopped by Wladimir Klitschko two years ago .
Finley , a two - time All - Star , was injured on a drive to the basket during the third quarter of the Mavericks ' 94 - 84 loss Tuesday at Orlando .
A few yards ( metres ) away , only two of the many Palestinian supporters who had been present for two weeks were still there when the announcement came .
Israel - nuclear - Vanunu JERUSALEM : Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for revealing the country 's nuclear program , was re - arrested , police said .
Arafat also fell foul of the Kuwaiti leadership in 1990 after the Palestinians openly supported Iraq 's invasion of the emirate in 1990 , which kickstarted the Gulf War .
German telephone operator MobilCom , in which France Telecom holds a 28.3-percent stake , said Friday it was pencilling in further earnings growth next year after it achieved record operating profit in the first nine months of 2004 .
It said that residents of Serif camp in South Darfur State who had recently been moved from Al - Geer , another camp , told the envoy during Wednesday 's visit that they had been relocated voluntarily .
The US defense secretary will later fly on to Nicaragua and Panama before heading to Quito , where on Wednesday he will attend a meeting of Latin American defense ministers .
When Shaun Bartlett ill - advisedly stuck out an arm against Tottenham to prevent a goal a week ago , he did it with his side 3 - 0 up .
A spokesman for Clinton said the ex - president had no plan to attend the Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday .
After a long , emotional day of grieving and mourning , most of the crowds had left the compound by nightfall , leaving only small pockets of Palestinian security guards and news cameramen .
The decision was made at a cabinet meeting in the Vanuatuan capital Port Vila on Wednesday , she added .
Samsung SDI is the world 's largest PDP module maker with an estimated 24 percent global market share this year , followed by LG Electronics with 22.3 percent and Matsushita with 19.3 percent .
Last weekend Johnson , who is married with four children , denied reports that he had an affair with a Spectator columnist , Petronella Wyatt , calling the allegations " an inverted pyramid of piffle " .
The UN Security Council put off a vote on possible sanctions against Ivory Coast until Monday , after African nations asked to give mediators more time to resolve the country 's political crisis .
" Apart from the last session and 40 minutes in their first innings , we have done well in this match so far , " he said .
The US military said it attacked suspected rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire on Thursday after an upsurge in violence in the northern Iraqi city .
Former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's ties with Egypt , once his adopted home and where he is to be given a military funeral on Friday , were often turbulent until the rise of President Hosni Mubarak .
Arafat 's grieving wife Suha and his daughter Zahwa looked on as the coffin was dismounted from the carriage before being loaded onto a waiting aircraft .
Marseille , shocked by back - to - back losses to bitter rivals Paris Saint Germain in the past week , reacted with a 2 - 0 win at home against Strasbourg , as PSG fell back to earth with a 3 - 0 loss at Bordeaux .
Presidents from 12 countries around Africa 's Great Lakes are expected to attend a summit in Tanzania next week to discuss and adopt a declaration on the volatile region , Tanzanian Foreign Minister Jakaya Kikwete said on Saturday .
Demonstrators on Saturday called for drastic steps to avert another oil spill , saying " the sea is defenseless " .
Oracle upped its bid to 8.8 billion dollars just days ago , calling this its " best and final " offer in its 17-month takeover effort .
A South Korean Boeing 747 carrying hundreds of passengers came within 145 feet of hitting another jet at Los Angeles airport last summer after a ground traffic control mix - up , it emerged in a report Wednesday .
At age 27 , Olsen , who won the Miss Singapore Universe title in 2000 and has since co - hosted the local version of the Wheel of Fortune game show , will become the youngest member of parliament .
The following day , a previously unknown Islamist group claimed responsibility and threatened to behead them within 48 hours unless Allawi halted a major offensive on the rebel enclave of Fallujah and released all prisoners held in Iraq .
And Caley were made to regret their misses on 76 minutes when Celtic went three ahead .
The petals -- one for every British and Commonwealth service person killed in action since the beginning of World War I -- were dropped between Tower and Westminster bridges by a Douglas Dakota DC3 aircraft during a two - minute flypast .
Meanwhile Great Britain coach Brian Noble said he would continue with the half - back partnership of Danny McGuire and Sean Long that began to flourish in the second half of last week 's 22 - 12 win against New Zealand .
Annika Sorenstam has locked up her record - equalling seventh LPGA Tour Player of the Year Award , leaving in her wake a battle for second place in the standings that continues this week at the 800,000-dollar Tournament of Champions .
That decision was taken at the request ofat the end of September , compared to just 70.5 million last year , a 214 percent rise .
The Red Crescent said it has sent a team to the besieged Iraqi city of Fallujah Wednesday ahead of a planned dispatch of emergency food aid as it voiced dismay over the state of medical facilities inside .
But Arafat 's death removes a key player from the political scene of a Middle East engulfed in violence , as the Palestinian intifada , or uprising , enters its fifth year and Iraq is ripped apart by daily bloodshed .
The committee statement said the exact date for the election would be announced " soon " after a meeting between Fattuh and Hamdallah .
Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued to flee the Ivory Coast Saturday as an uneasy calm returned to the troubled west African country one week after angry mobs went on a rampage against foreigners .
For the whole of 2004 , the German government is forecasting full - year GDP growth of around 1.8 percent .
Brent North Sea crude for December was eight cents higher at 43.10 dollars in London , having closed down 1.73 dollars the day before .
The blond fashion aficionada , whose lavish taste was at odds with the veteran leader 's trademark military suit , converted to Islam after their secret wedding .
Share prices in Tokyo opened lower Friday , with the Nikkei-225 index losing 5.49 points or 0.05 percent to 10,841.43 in the first five minutes of trading , hit by weaker - than - expected growth figures , dealers said .
Angola 's economy , which grew by 3.5 percent last year , should surge ahead by 15 percent in 2004 due in large part to higher oil production , Finance Minister Jose Pedro de Morais has said .
Authorities later seized their flagship bank , Imar , and discovered a huge deficit running to billions of dollars .
If he is sentenced to prison , Mijailovic , who renounced his Swedish citizenship in September , is hoping to serve hislicymakers have increased the rate .
After two wins and one defeat in Red Group play , Davenport 's fate still rested on the outcome of the final round - robin match between French Open champion Anastasia Myskina and fellow Russian Elena Dementieva later Saturday .
The regional grouping also announced an emergency summit to be held in the Nigerian capital on Sunday .
Oil prices were firmer in Asian trade Friday after a sharp drop in US hours when concerns over supplies of heating oil during the northern hemisphere winter had eased , dealers said .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell remained tight - lipped about his future Wednesday , giving no clue whether he would remain in the government or leave after President George W. Bush 's re - election on November 2 .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 88.05 points ( 0.85 percent ) to 10,473.53 while the tech - heavy Nasdaq leapt 26.83 points ( 1.32 percent ) to 2,061.39 at the closing bell .
A ceasefire reached last year has been enforced by French soldiers and UN peacekeepers .
After this ruling in favour of the government , the next hearing was set for November 17 , a day after unionists planned to start the strike .
A link man between detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and Myanmar 's military regime was among 16 senior intelligence officials sacked and facing corruption charges , a military source said Saturday .
The 29 year - old Briton , whose identity was not disclosed , was later arrested at his address in Iceland where he is resident .
Altogether five people were arrested in the Netherlands Wednesday as part of anti - terrorist operations , Mark van der Eerve of the state attorney 's office told a news conference .
Blair 's official spokesman told reporters earlier in the week that the government expects " a clear signal of intent " for reviving the peace process to emerge from the Washington summit .
IT leaders and financials led the gainers , pushing the market through the key 880-point level at one stage to hit the best level in five weeks although retail investor profit - taking later trimmed the gains .
Yardley said after Murali 's wrist got used to the doosra he began to learn how to spin it the other way - away from right - handed batsmen .
Bush was re - elected on November 3 after his main challenger John Kerry conceded defeat in what was one of the tightest electoral contests in the US for decades .
" The plane should land in Dakar , the capital of Senegal , where the evacuated people will spend the night , " a foreign ministry spokesman , Dirk - Jan Vermeij , told AFP , adding that the evacuees would arrive in The Netherlands on Friday .
Turkey gave no official response Saturday on a call for fence - mending talks with Cyprus , whose government it does not recognize , but senior diplomats in Ankara said the proposal was not to be taken seriously .
South Korea on Friday started building the first of three destroyers to be equipped with the US - developed Aegis weapons system , the defense ministry here said .
Sudanese authorities had restricted staff of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) to Nyala on October 20 , after the aid workers intervened to stop the forced relocation of discording to the UNHCR .
The United States , China , Japan , Russia and South Korea have held three rounds of talks with North Korea but Pyongyang declined to attend a previously agreed follow - up meeting in September .
At least 10,000 US troops from a pool of 20,000 , who have been gathering outside Fallujah since the middle of October , have fanned out inside the city since Monday , backed by 2,000 Iraqi soldiers .
There still was no official reaction from the government by early afternoon .
A survey of professional economic forecasters conducted by the European Central Bank showed Thursday they have downgraded their growth forecasts for the eurozone economy for both 2005 and 2006 , but have left their inflation forecasts unchanged .
For the week to November 12 , the benchmark Hang Seng Index closed 289.51 points or 2.1 percent higher at 13,784.46 .
US Federal Reserve policymakers , heartened by a burst in new jobs in October , Wednesday raised key short - term interest rates for the fourth time in a row .
In an effort to rectify the situation , the State Council , China 's cabinet , issued orders Thursday for a nationwide inspection of coal mines , vowing to crack down on unsafe mines , the People 's Daily reported .
The United States insists that while Iraq has been sovereign since the formal winding up of the US - led occupation in June , its commanders retain full operational control of their troops .
Nujoma has been a pivotal figure for the past five decades in the vast southern African country of 1.82-million people .
Much - missed New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming arrived here on Saturday to be greeted with news of a batting collapse that has his team staring at defeat to New South Wales just days from the first Test against Australia .
Former Northern Ireland first minister David Trimble said Saturday that there should be no return to local self - rule until the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) had completely disarmed and halted all paramilitary activities .
Kontras was due to hold a press conference later Friday on the findings of the autopsy .
A day after the Iraqi military said it had found a " slaughterhouse " in Fallujah where foreign hostages had been executed , Batty said three Iraqi hostages were found in " basements , handcuffed by their hands and ankles , starving , thirsty and tortured . "
Cheney was recently re - elected to a second four - year term under President George W. Bush .
" The prime minister will be at the funeral although he had arranged to launch a new initiative for reviving the country 's southern region this weekend , " the spokesman said .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan launched an aid appeal on Thursday , asking for 1.7 billion dollars to address what the United Nations calls the world 's " forgotten " emergencies .
The operation , launched on Monday night with about 10,000 US Marines and soldiers backed up by 2,000 Iraqi troops , was the biggest since the US - led invasion of Iraq in March last year .
But they almost scored on 35 minutes when Celtic defender Varga deflected a Novo shot towards his own goal .
On Monday , he will host a traditional banquet in the presence of Prime Minister Tony Blair , who will himself deliver a speech on British foreign policy .
Britain 's Foreign Office revised on Thursday its travel advice for Israel , the West Bank and Gaza , warning its nationals that the security situation could worsen there following Arafat 's death .
Fewer than 1,000 prisoners remained at MACA on Wednesday , among them 99 women , whose cells stayed firmly locked .
While the fighting this past week has put US and Iraqi forces back into a city ruled for months by religious extremists , it will not spell an end to troubles in the city , Malay said .
More than 1,000 rebels were killed in a six - day US - Iraqi assault on the Sunni Muslim bastion of Fallujah and about 200 fighters detained , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
" This is the perfect spur for us and hopefully we can carry this into the league game against Celtic in ten days but we still have some important games to play before then .
Fajim was on a training exercise on Tuesday when the engine of his MiG-29 fighter jet caught fire .
China has been reducing exports in recent years due to increased domestic demand as the country 's energy - hungry economy expands at more than nine percent annual growth .
Barghuti was a major target when the Israeli army launched its huge assault on militants in the West Bank in the spring of 2002 .
Iran will probably give its formal response Thursday to Britain , France and Germany on whether it will agree to a suspension of some of its nuclear activities in order to avoid possible UN sanctions , a top official told AFP .
The angry protest came after Russia 's foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Yakovenko responded Friday to unrest in Abkhazia by saying that Moscow was closely following the situation there and would not hesitate to act if necessary .
It was the seventh unanimous election in AL voting , including two each for Pedro Martinez and Roger Clemens , who won this year 's National League version of the award on Tuesday .
" Having frequently called Mr Blair in aid against accusations of unilateralism during the ( US ) election campaign , Mr Bush is unlikely to leave his guest empty - handed , " the right wing Daily Telegraph predicted .
700 words Mideast - Arafat - Suha - profile RAMALLAH , West Bank Suha Arafat , the once estranged but loyal wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who has incited anger for her extravagant lifestyle abroad , rarely left her husband 's side in his last days .
One of two men detained by the NATO - led Stabilisation Force ( SFOR ) last Thursday " could not convincingly prove his identity , " Mark Hope , spokesman for the peacekeepers , told AFP .
Former security minister Mohammed Dahlan told AFP Thursday that the time had come to democratise the centralised Palestinian political system that had been dominated by Yasser Arafat for decades .
Three of the injured were in a critical condition after the blast at 7:00 am ( 0000 GMT ) in the Than To district of Yala province but the baby was out of danger , according to police .
And on 76 minutes Celtic made it three when McGeady played a great through ball for McNamara who rounded the keeper before chipping across goal for Hartson to head into the empty net .
In July 1995 , Suha gave birth in Paris to the couple 's one and only child who they named Zahwa after Arafat 's mother .
Explaining the evolution of the Middle East peace process for last half a century , the Nation concluded : " Thus , as Arafat lay dying , the Palestinian problem had returned full - scale to the hard lines of the pre - Oslo days . "
In Lebanon , 40 days of mourning were declared across the country 's 12 Palestinian camps , once Arafat 's main launchpad for attacks on Israel until his Palestine Liberation Organisation was ousted in the 1982 Israeli invasion .
Bayern 's energetic pressing extended into the second half but the second goal did not come until the 69th minute .
" Hundreds have been killed in Fallujah , " Rumsfeld said aboard his airplane shortly before landing in the capital of El Salvador for the start of a week - long trip to Latin America .
At least six people were injured in a later bombing at 3:00 pm at a resting spot for taxi drivers at Bukita village in the neighbouring province of Narathiwat .
Over the past couple of years a number of political and religious dissidents who have published articles critical of the regime on the web have been jailed .
Arafat is due to be buried in Cairo on Friday .
His trial was adjourned until November 25 when judges will decide whether there are legal grounds to continue proceedings .
" His body will be brought to Cairo today ( Thursday ) .
If China are knocked out -- a scenario that would be a crushing disappointment after the country 's first ever appearance at the World Cup in 2002 -- Haan said his contract would be terminated .
The three , including prime minister Ahmed Qorei , initially cancelled their planned visit but reinstated it later and flew to Paris where they visited him Tuesday .
Indonesia - Aceh JAKARTA : Indonesia 's cabinet has recommended extending a civil emergency in Aceh province where thousands have died since a major military offensive against separatists began 18 months ago , media reports said .
Birmingham were in the ascendency in the second half of a dour affair after manager Steve Bruce 's clever tactical switch turned them into the more potent of two uninspired teams .
Speaking during a conference call on the results , Aegon chief executive officer Don Shepard said the company continued to " feel pretty good " regarding the outlook for the remainder of the year .
" Everyone 's after ' instant success ' but when you go in as a manager now you know that , " Hoddle added .
Only six people responded to the amnesty offered by King Fahd to Al - Qaeda - linked extremists on June 23 before it ran out .
" The dollar was under pressure due to selling from exporters but the unit was unlikely to fall sharply as market players were taking a wait - and - see stance ahead of release of Japan 's GDP data , " Hideyuki Tsukamoto , dealer at Mizuho Bank .
The illegal immigrants told police they had entered Turkey illegally about a week ago and had paid between 3,000 and 4,000 dollars each to human - traffickers who promised to take them to Greece , Anatolia reported .
A South Korean Boeing 747 carrying hundreds of passengers came within 12 second of hitting another jet at Los Angeles airport after a ground traffic control mix - up , a report showed Wednesday .
" These figures are from the start of the operation , " said a US military spokeswoman , referring to the largest offensive to be launched in Iraq since last year 's US - led invasion .
Even from his prison cell , Barghuti has remained a powerful behind - the - scenes player and was the architect of a truce by Palestinian factions last year which collapsed in bloodshed a few weeks later .
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re - election last week , saying he looked forward to enhanced co - operation between the two countries , a statement issued late Friday said .
Nippon Yusen , Japan 's top shipping line , rose 10 or 1.9 percent to 546 after reporting positive first - half results .
ICoast - unrest - evacuation - Italy ROME : A first group of around 140 foreigners , including some 100 Italians , arrived in Rome after their evacuation from violence - torn Ivory Coast , airport officials announced .
Two US helicopters were forced to make an emergency landing in Iraq on Thursday after taking small arms and rocket propelled grenade fire , a US miltary spokeswoman said , adding that there were no casualties .
But Iran 's relations with Arafat have been frosty in recent years , with the clerical rulers here seen as being closer to rival Palestinian groups , such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad .
And six minutes later it was 2 - 0 .
Arab fighters led by Al - Qaeda frontman in Iraq Abu Musab al - Zarqawi may be already regrouping for other Fallujahs , even as the US war machine unleashes its might on the rebel city , strategists warn .
The Quechua - language version of Windows XP and Office 2003 , being developed in Peru , will be available next year .
Kikwete said the conference , to be held on November 19 and 20 in the Tanzanian port city of Dar es Salaam , would to be attended by presidents from Angola , Burundi , Central African Republic , Republic of Congo , DRC and Kenya .
But economists at home and abroad have warned that South Korea may grow below five percent this year .
From a young age he fought the Zionist regime , and recently he was under tremendous pressure from the Zionist regime and he endured this pressure . "
Even so , substitute Dwight Yorke should have rescued an unlikely point for Birmingham in the last minute but he blazed over the bar from six yards with only Nigel Martyn to beat .
Senior executives at business software group PeopleSoft unanimously recommended that its shareholders reject a 8.8 billion dollar takeover bid from Oracle Corp , PeopleSoft said in a statement Wednesday .
Bush carefully framed his words Wednesday when he told White House reporters that peace could come when the " leadership of the Palestinian people steps forward and says , ' Help us build a democratic and free society . '
Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen on Friday decried corruption in the nation 's creaking health system , saying it had led to a concentration of too many doctors in the capital compared to rural areas .
Gagbo said he deplored the fact that " even before knowing what had happened , the French head of state decided to destroy all the Ivory Coast 's planes " .
Police in Indian Kashmir killed two Muslim rebels who attacked their camp Thursday evening , an official said , even as India announced it was cutting back its troop deployment in the restive region .
Foreign buying has been driving the composite index to record levels on confidence that full - year earnings will top those of last year after companies reported strong third - quarter results , dealers said .
" A close friend of the Korean people , President Yasser Arafat visited the DPRK ( Nerth Korea ) six times from October 1981 to June 1993 , " said Pyongyang 's official Korean Central News Agency .
Raynaldi said the composite index may be heading toward the 1,000-point mark , although that may only probably be achieved next year .
Hours before Arafat 's death , Kuwaiti Information Minister Mohammad Abulhassan , quoted Thursday in Al - Siyassah daily , said he instructed state TV not to interrupt its programmes to announce Arafat 's death and not to play verses of the Koran .
Insee also trimmed 0.1 percentage point off its earlier figures for growth in the first and second quarters of 2004 , to 0.7 and 0.6 percent respectively .
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrives in Brazil Thursday for a state visit as Beijing seeks access to key raw materials to fuel its roaring economic growth and feed its vast population .
UN envoy Jan Pronk and Foreign Minister Mustapha Osman Ismail jointly visited a camp for displaced people in the Darfur conflict at the centre of a controversy , the state news agency SUNA reported Thursday .
A resumption of peace negotiations is possible with a responsible Palestinian leadership following the death of Yasser Arafat , Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday .
Already in the 19th and early 20th centuries , Dutch Catholic and Protestant communities did not mix .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will become the third major personality from the Middle East peace process to be buried on Friday , after Yitzhak Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan .
But his 12-year - old friend , who earlier climbed into the landing gear with him , fell from the aircraft as it took off , it said .
They are still waiting for a first victory after eight draws and five defeats since the start of the season .
Official sources also confirmed parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would be installed as acting head of the Palestinian Authority until elections are held in 60 days time .
White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales will succeed Attorney General John Ashcroft , who resigned on Tuesday , US media reported Wednesday .
At the same time , Friday 's figures pointed to further difficulties for the urban and rural poor , with price of grain in October up 28.7 percent , while edible oil rose 11 percent and meat 18.9 percent .
Even before a charity match , I am still excited , still nervous .
I will not comment further out of respect , " General Henri Poncet said late Thursday .
However , Kuwaitis shed no tears over the death of the man they accuse of having supported former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein , who invaded their country in August 1990 .
The pope , who was told of the death of the Palestinian Authority president early Thursday , also prayed for the Holy Land , his spokesman said .
The Palestinian leadership divided up the spoils of Yasser Arafat 's power Thursday , as parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh was sworn in as acting head of the Palestinian Authority and ex - premier Mahmud Abbas became the new PLO supremo .
The representatives of G7 countries tried to stabilise foreign exchange markets last February by adopting a statement in Boca Raton , Florida saying " excess volatility and disorderly movements in exchange rates are undesirable for economic growth . "
Ben Roethlisberger could complete the greatest debut by any quarterback in American football 's modern era here Sunday in a game that is more like a homecoming for the Pittsburgh Steelers ' rookie .
The euro hit an all - time high Wednesday against the greenback , reaching over 1.30 dollars , but then retreated after the Federal Reserve boosted US interest rates and suggested more hikes to come .
European nations led by France began Wednesday evacuating their nationals from Ivory Coast , where an explosion of anti - French violence has made even longtime residents rush to pack their bags .
In January last year , France brokered a peace pact in Marcoussis , near Paris , which was supposed to bring the rebels and political opposition into a unity government , and see Gbagbo cede some of his powers to a prime minister .
A Japanese paper and pulp consortium in Brazil will spend 900 million dollars to boost its wood pulp output by 80 percent in response to surging demand from China , a press report said Sunday .
Caribbean leaders have decided not to readmit Haiti to the 15-member Caribbean Community ( Caricom ) , arguing Haitis democracy was breached when US forces intervened earlier this year and Jean Bertrand Aristide left the country amid a popular uprising .
The Central Bank of Kuwait ( CBK ) on Thursday raised the discount rate by a quarter percentage point to 4.50 percent , the fourth such increase this year , the official news agency KUNA reported .
In violence on Thursday , two Palestinians were shot dead during an Israeli army incursion into a southern neighbourhood of Gaza City , medical sources said .
However the 35-year - old is now facing certain sanctions after Muller - Ott revealed that she has waived her right to have her second B sample analysed .
German engineering conglomerate Linde said Thursday that its net profit more than trebled in the third quarter , thanks to the strong performance of all its main divisions .
The submarine spent about two hours in Japanese waters Wednesday near the southern island of Okinawa , a major US military base that lies near islands and gas resources eyed by Japan , China and Taiwan .
Mallon , Kerr and Stupples have combined for eight wins this year .
The 32-year - old was Test cricket 's most successful bowler with 532 wickets till Australian Shane Warne overtook him on the recent tour of India and took his tally to 541 .
The incident , reported last weekend , threatens to cast a cloud over a planned trip to the restive region by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , his first since the left - backed Congress government took power in New Delhi .
Delhi police are still probing the alleged involvement of both Gibbs and Boje in the scandal that saw former skipper Hansie Cronje being banned for life before dying in a plane crash in 2002 .
650 words by Hazel Ward Mideast - Arafat - survivor RAMALLAH , West Bank Yasser Arafat was a survivor who cheated death on several fronts , not least his health , during a 40-year career as the symbol of the struggle for Palestinian statehood .
The Tokyo Stock Exchange on Friday denied a newspaper report that it had decided to delist Seibu Railway , whose shares had been placed under review in light of a false declaration on its stockholdings .
Germany 's ruling Social Democrats ( SPD ) and trade unions are in favour of introducing a national mimimum wage and could make their position officially known later this month , German media reported on Saturday .
The government will introduce a series of bills in parliament in the winter session to revamp the sector , Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram told a banking seminar .
A final review by the ITC is expected by December 20 .
Joonas Kolkka equalised when he collected a pass from Tony Popovic and dispatched the ball past Liverpool keeper Chris Kirkland in the 44th minute .
Last year the central bank launched a radical monetary policy that aimed , among other things , to tame hyper - inflation which has been declared the southern African country 's " number one enemy " .
The death of Rabin , assassinated on November 4 1995 by a Jewish extremist , unleashed an international wave of emotion .
They even came back on Sunday to take the last freezer . "
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , 75 , has died , Palestinian presidential secretary Tayeb Abdelrahim announced early Thursday at the Muqataa headquarters here .
In Kuwait , Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said Iraqi and coalition forces may attack other rebel areas following the assault on Fallujah .
" We will very probably give our response by tonight , " said top Iranian nuclear negotiator Hossein Moussavian .
A funeral will be held in Cairo on Friday before his body is flown back and buried in the Muqataa .
The video rental business has lost much of its luster in recent years .
Since his release on April 21 after 18 years in prison , Vanunu has been subject to a series of sweeping restrictions , including a ban on travelling abroad as well as holding unauthorized meetings with foreigners .
Brazilian Industry and Trade Minister Luiz Fernando Furlan said the 20-plus hours of negotiations between the two nations almost collapsed late Thursday .
The refugees arrived mistakenly believing that the UN 's High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) could assist them in resolving longstanding land disputes in Vietnam 's impoverished Central Highlands , the agency said late Thursday .
Iraq said Saturday that the battle to retake the Sunni rebel bastion of Fallujah was over , with more than 1,00 rebels killed and only some " malignant " pockets of resistance left to clean out .
The siege ratcheted up tension in the Netherlands , which has been on high alert since the November 2 murder of Dutch movie director Theo van Gogh .
I am sure French doctors will tell the truth one day , " said Tamimi 's wife , Halima , echoing suspicions voiced by some Palestinian officials .
The provincial and municipal governments began an investigation soon after the disaster and told the coal mine to suspend production .
Bolton striker El - Hadji Diouf opened the scoring in the 21st minute when he latched on a pass from Kevin Nolan , before slotting the ball past Villa keeper Thomas Sorensen .
Scotland ran up a century of points at McDiarmid Park on Saturday as they crushed Japan 100 - 8 to earn their first Test win on home soil since Matt Williams took over as coach .
Twenty - four French people who were flown to Madrid on a Spanish military plane on Wednesday night will be taken to Paris and Bordeaux on regular flights on Thursday , a French diplomat in the Spanish capital said .
India celebrated on Friday the biggest Hindu holiday of the year , Diwali , or the festival of lights .
Faruq Qaddumi , the new head of Fatah , the dominant Palestinian faction that he co - founded with the late Yasser Arafat 45 years ago , will return from his Tunisian exile only after the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said Wednesday his country was opposed to negotiations with the hostage - takers , claming it only encouraged similar incidents .
" This year it has been everything going my way , all the big points .
According to the official Buckingham Palace diary of royal engagements , the 54-year - old princess , the second child of Queen Elizabeth , was undertaking two duties in northeast Scotland during Thursday .
A seventh militant was killed by troops in southern Udhampur district overnight , the spokesman said .
In his weekly radio address Saturday , Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra vowed a two - pronged approach of negotiations and a hardline crackdown to try to solve the problems in the region .
Japan and North Korea issued a joint declaration after the September 2002 landmark summit in Pyongyang between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il calling for dialogue to resolve security problems .
King Bhumibol Adulyadej is the world 's longest - serving monarch who ascended the throne in June 1946 and is a popular and powerful holder of moral authority in the country .
An EU - Russia summit , which had been postponed earlier this month , has now been scheduled to be held on November 25 , the Dutch presidency of the EU announced Thursday .
Tiago met the pass with a first time shot to send Chelsea back to the Premiership summit .
Sevilla 's hopes of taking second were dashed when they went down 2 - 1 at Numancia , only the hosts ' second win of the season .
Fra life - support machine after 13 days in the military hospital , Halevi said : " No , I do n't believe it was switched off .
Michael Scheuer , who led a CIA unit that tracked Al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden from 1996 - 1999 , resigned after conducting a series of unauthorized press interviews last weekend .
For the past year and a half , Blair has pledged to make the revival of the peace process a personal priority .
Japan - NKorea - kidnap - nuclear TOKYO : North Korea has ruled out another round six - nation talks on its nuclear program before the end of the year , Japan 's top government spokesman said .
They then looted weapons and ammunition from the stations before setting some buildings and police cars on fire .
India will cut tariffs on its imports from Singapore by 80 percent after the pact is signed , gradualling reducing them to zero over a five year period .
PSA Citroen Peugeot , the parent company of both rally teams , announced earlier this month that it would pull out of the championships after the end of the 2005 season .
The European Union and six countries have submitted lists of US exports which will be targeted by millions of dollars in sanctions unless the United States abolishes anti - dumping legislation , the World Trade Organisation said Thursday .
Block by block , US marines and army have slugged it out with militants barricaded in homes and crouching on rooftops since Monday and the task of mopping up the die - hard fighters in the city is still not over .
Oil prices fell Thursday as the market reckoned there was enough heating fuel to meet demand in key markets over the northern winter , despite further drops in US stockpiles , analysts said .
A real - life American soap opera that gripped the nation for two years reached a dramatic climax Friday when a young husband was found guilty of murdering his pregnant wife and unborn son .
" I was surprised , very surprised , " Jason Robinson told reporters at England 's training base here Wednesday . "
Banking giants HSBC , its subsidiary Hang Seng Bank and Standard Chartered said Thursday they will cut their lending and savings rates despite the 25 points rate hike in the United States overnight .
Under the terms of the Palestinian basic law , the mini constitution , Fattuh will remain as caretaker head of the Palestinian Authority until fresh elections are held in 60 days .
Arafat , 75 , will be given a military funeral in Cairo on Friday , according to a statement from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's office .
A funeral will be held in Cairo on Friday before his body is flown back and buried in the Muqataa headquarters compound .
A John Hartson brace on top of Chris Sutton 's early strike gave Celtic a comfortable 3 - 0 win at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Premier League on Saturday .
A new documentary film , " Journey With no Return , " ( Voyage sans retour ) was shown this month on French television .
The coma was said to have deepened earlier this week .
The US military said on Thursday that the court martials early next year of three US soldiers accused of Iraqi prisoner abuse in the Abu Ghraib scandal will move from Iraq to the United States .
In the end they were thankful to Ruben Olivera 's tap - in for the three points which proved to be even more precious given second - placed AC Milan 's 0 - 0 draw at Brescia .
Mark Thatcher , the entrepreneur son of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher , is facing trial in South Africa after he was arrested in August on suspicion of bankrolling the alleged plot .
Iraqi politician Adnan Pachachi warned Tuesday that Fallujah was " not the end of the story " and that the US - led offensive there could trigger even further violence .
An ad campaign launched here Wednesday aims to persuade French households to switch back to tap water rather than fork out on the bottled variety .
World oil prices surged Wednesday as US heating oil stockpiles were shown falling for the eighth straight week with the northern hemisphere winter closing in .
Japan - NKorea - kidnap ) California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger meets Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi as he continuesin October , 0.9 percentage points lower than the figure for September , the National Bureau of Statistics said Friday .
Arafat , the former guerrilla leader who symbolised the Palestinian struggle for independence for four decades , d military base under tight security and sealed off from the public .
At current price levels , 63 dollars is " within range " by late December or early January as demand heats up , he said .
The Dutch EU presidency said on Wednesday that Europe risked becoming a breeding ground for Islamic extremism and that the problem had to be dealt with urgently .
Attacks against symbols of the US - backed government and security forces have spiked since US and Iraqi forces invaded the rebel epicentre of Fallujah on Monday in a bid to regain control .
The Palestinian Authority also accepted an offer from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to hold an official funeral ceremony for nd slipped into a coma a week ago .
The second game of the second set went to deuce 10 times before Zvonareva finally double - faulted on Mauresmo 's fourth break opportunity .
The military has twice before tried to build information networks for the military .
He was also banned from leaving Israel for at least a year .
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson , who was reportedly hit by pizza and soup in the tunnel after his team 's last game against Arsenal , saw the funny side of the draw , saying : " The FA will be delighted with that .
The 75-year - old Palestinian leader 's death follows four decades of struggle for a cause that has dominated Middle East politics ever since the first Arab - Israeli war of 1948 and the creation of the Jewish state .
Without specifically naming Fallujah , Bush said that " some of tomorrow 's veterans are in combat in Iraq at this hour .
They will call the name of God four times turning their hands to the sky before praying for God 's forgiveness on the deceased and all Muslims .
An FBI spokesman was unavailable for comment Thursday because of the Veterans Day holiday .
Minutes later the smoke turned black and thickened as a US helicopter hovered overhead and the sound of emergency sirens echoed through the capital .
The European Union 's executive arm is to take office on November 22 , three weeks late , provided the EU parliament gives the green light in a vote four days earlier .
In Cairo , Arafat 's home city and where his body arrived in an official French aircraft late Thursday , the funeral was to be held inside a military compound on the city 's outskirts .
The president of the largely desert northwest African country of Niger , Mamadou Tandja , is widely expected to be re - elected when his country votes in an election on Tuesday .
The Fatah militants removed banners calling for the recovery of the late leader who had been in a hospital in Paris for about two weeks and raised black ribbons and mourning banners in their place .
On Thursday the spate of violence against mosques and churches continued with arson attempts at two Christian churches .
The funeral of Yasser Arafat will take place in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Friday before he is buried on the same day at his West Bank headquarters , the head of his offfice said Thursday .
Robben was involved again 10 minutes from time when he set up Portuguese midfielder Tiago with a cross - field pass .
" The cash tender offer ... will be withdrawn in the event a majority of shares have not been tendered by midnight November 19 , 2004 . "
He inspected troops assembled beside the landmark before laying the wreath on the grave marking the last resting place of an unidentified soldier killed in the 1914 - 1918 conflict .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) said the October jobless rate was the lowest since its monthly labour force survey began in 1978 .
The Japanese navy has trailed the submarine with two destroyers and a surveillance airplane throughout the night , a Defence Agency spokesman said .
Lithuania , a former republic of Soviet Union which only joined the European Union in May , on Thursday became the first country in the 25-member bloc to ratify the EU 's first ever constitution .
Economists , however , warned a tight labour market could lead to spiralling wage costs , which in turn would feed inflation and put pressure on the central Reserve Bank to hike interest rates for the first time since last December .
Three Palestinians were killed in a pre - dawn incursion in Gaza City , while a fourth man was shot dead in the southern West Bank after troops opened fire on stone throwers , Palestinian medical sources and witnesses said .
The officially marked white Airbus jet took off from a military airport on the outskirts of the French capital after a solemn ceremony in which Arafat 's flag - draped coffin was taken to the aircraft by a French honour guard .
Baros struck as the seconds ticked away in another disappointing Liverpool performance , following on closely from a home defeat against Birmingham and draw at bottom - placed Blackburn on their last two outings .
The euro 's high level against the dollar only partially offset record oil prices set in late October , the institute said .
HSBC , unchanged at 132.50 Hong Kong dollars , announced after the market close that it is lowering its lending rate to 5.0 percent from 5.125 percent and its deposit rate to 0.01 percent from 0.125 percent .
Stocks opened lower and extended losses in morning trade but then rebounded in late afternoon , with sentiment encouraged by a sharp improvement in inflation figures for October which appeared to lessen the chance of another hike in interest rates .
British satellite broadcaster BSkyB on Friday said profit rose by 16 percent in the first quarter as the group enjoyed strong subscriber growth in the run - up to the key Christmas trading period .
In France , bottled water consumption has doubled in 20 years to reach 130 litres a year per inhabitant , the regional water authority said .
Chan Stanley Shu , 45 , was handed a three year sentence Wednesday by the Ho Chi Minh City People 's Court , while his wife Chan Amie Lee , 38 , was given an eight month prison term .
In its statement Friday , the Foreign Office said : " We advise against all travel to Ivory Coast until further notice . "
But Sharon met several times with Abbas during his brief stint as prime minister last year , and the new PLO leader also earned favor in Washington .
Yasser Arafat 's funeral was to begin Friday inside a military compound on the outskirts of Cairo , in what will be a brief and solemn ceremony attended by scores of world leaders but closed to the public .
A newly - inaugurated fast train derailed in northwestern Turkey on July 22 , killing 37 people and injuring some 80 others .
Intel climbed 31 cents to 23.17 after the chip giant named Paul Otellini chief executive officer , replacing Craig Barrett .
" I have come to bow before president Yasser Arafat and pay him a final homage , " he told journalists after the 25-minute visit .
Two other policemen were wounded after their five - man patrol ran into a 20-strong band of communist New People 's Army ( NPA ) rebels in Davao Oriental province , Lieutenant Colonel Agane Adriatico said .
A spokesman for North Korea 's foreign ministry said that after the US presidential election , some American news media wrongly reported that the talks could not succeed because Pyongyang insisted on direct talks with Washington .
On Wednesday , International Monetary Fund managing director Rodrigo Rato voiced similar concerns about the US budget , saying the imbalance creates risks for the global economy .
Marines predicted that by Saturday they would have full control of the Iraqi city , seen as the epicentre of a vicious insurgency among Iraq 's ousted Sunni Arab elite .
" Like yesterday he is in a deep coma with complications in the condition of all his vital organs , so he is in a very critical state .
Wakarua kicked a penalty in the 17th minute to put Italy on the board , but New Zealand ended the first half with a flourish , the powerful Umaga scoring two simple tries to make it 35 - 3 at half - time .
Bush also praised the work of Ashcroft , who was one of two top officials to announce his resignation on Tuesday .
But fate stepped in with Solberg crashing out of contention on Friday with steering damage and Gronholm sliding into the forest on Saturday .
US prohibitions on Internet gambling " are inconsistent with US obligations " under the 1995 General Agreement on Tariffs and Services ( GATS ) , the WTO panel wrote in Geneva , affirming an interim decision in March .
Total private sector machinery orders in September rose 1.9 percent from August and were up 7.1 percent from a year earlier .
The Tigers and the Colombo government held six rounds of face - to - face negotiations between September 2002 and March 2003 before the talks stalled .
Bush already has plans to come to Britain in August next year for the annual summit of the Group of Eight industrialised nations , to be held in the Scottish golfing resort of Gleneagles .
Chinese share prices closed 0.54 percent lower Thursday as investors opted to take quick profits after the sharp gains made Wednesday as investors looked forward to pension fund inflows , dealers said .
Taiwan share prices closed 0.73 percent higher Friday , recovering some of thursday 's lost ground , led by financials and electronics following Wall Street 's overnight gains , dealers said .
Iraq 's security chief Qassem Daoud said Saturday the operation to reclaim Fallujah was over and only stubborn spots remained to be cleared up , while the US military -- which spearheaded the battle -- said the battle rumbled on .
The exodus of foreign nationals from Ivory Coast was gathering pace as South African - led efforts to resolve the crisis in the volatile west African nation were set to continue Friday .
Japan 's media said Saturday the country 's distrust of China had grown with the intrusion of a Chinese nuclear submarine , as Beijing stayed silent for a second day on Tokyo 's demands for an apology .
A big aircraft carrying " around 600 French and also other foreign people " who want to leave Ivory Coast " at least for a while " was expected in France during the day , she said .
Oil prices jumped 3.5 percent on a monthly basis in October , while the cost of clothing was 2.1-percent higher and cars cost 1.4 percent more .
Four women and a 12-year - old girl died and at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at the Indian capital 's main railway station Saturday as thousands tried to board a train , officials said .
A fl from a ruck right under his own posts , the second when Irish captain Brian O'Driscoll was taken down off the ball .
On Wednesday the Nordic country 's Labour Court deemed the strike illegal , ordering both the union and the two bus companies to pay a shared fine of 20,000 euros for breaking their standing work relation agreements .
Three countries -- Estonia , Lithuania and Slovenia -- joined ERM II in June , with the aim of adopting the euro in 2007 , while Cyprus also wants to join then , the Brussels report noted .
" At such a difficult and fragile stage in the rehabilitation of Liberia , a large influx of new refugees from Ivory Coo be completed before 2007 .
The late King Hussein 's frustration boiled over in September when the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) , a Marxist faction led by George Habash , hijacked five planes to the Zarqa desert of eastern Jordan .
Hundreds of artefacts dating as far back as 2,500 BC have been discovered near the Greek town of Thebes , officials said here Wednesday .
Cheney , 63 , underwent angioplasty in November 2000 after suffering his fourth heart attack since 1978 .
A United Nations human rights expert on Thursday called on the Sudanese government to immediately halt forced relocations of displaced people in the strife torn region of Darfur .
Despite the offer of spending his first few months with CSC as a rider before becoming a team manager , Sunderland decided to start his new career from scratch .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul will attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , officials said Thursday .
Nader , who this year drew about one percent of the vote nationally , said Wednesday he was speaking out for the " thousands " of US voters asking for recounts and not on his own behalf .
The home side were on level terms six minutes later through 18-year - old Dexter Blackstock 's first league goal for the South Coast club .
The Hong Kong stock market is expected to continue higher next week on easing oil prices and investors ' optimism about the city 's economy , dealers said Friday .
Stupples sank eight birdies , all within 10 feet , after chipping a tooth biting into a candy .
Proceedings to extradite a man believed to be a top member of Al - Qaeda from Germany to Spain will go forward following an unsuccessful attempt to stop his expulsion , a court announced on Thursday .
The men have 28 days to decide whether to appeal to the Supreme Court but such an appeal could only be allowed on constitutional grounds .
" My message is both personal and political , " she told AFP as she placed a wreath of flowers by his grave .
" Vanuatu Prime Minister Vohor reiterated today the diplomatic ties remain effective although some of his cabinet members may have different opinions on this , " Taiwan 's foreign ministry spokesman Michel Lu told reporters .
Two former Indonesian presidents expressed reservations about Canberra - Jakarta relations Sunday , as Indonesia 's intelligence chief revealed his spies had tapped Australian politicians ' telephone conversations during the East Timor crisis in 1999 .
The Fed 's decision to raise interest rates by a quarter point for the fourth time this year was no surprise .
On Tuesday , dozens of gunmen surged on Mosul setting up checkpoints , sandbag barriers and rocket - launching positions , according to an AFP correspondent there , while police were barricaded helplessly in their stations .
Matsushita on November 1 filed for an injunction with the Tokyo District Court , calling for a ban on imports of LG - produced plasma display panels ( PDPs ) .
US - health - Cheney WASHINGTON US Vice President Dick Cheney , who has a history of serious heart trouble , underwent testing at a Washington hospital after experiencing shortness of breath .
Alitalia said Thursday it expected its full - year net loss to widen from last year 's 519.7 million euros ( 671 million dollars ) due to 289 million euros in restructuring charges booked this year to relaunch the ailing airline .
" While some analysts expect another move in December , we expect the FOMC to align short rates with core inflation and then close their book for the year , " he wrote in a note to clients .
Swedish maritime emergency services on Saturday were looking for a seaman who fell overboard from a Dutch oil tanker in the Baltic sea , off the coast of Stockholm , the Swedish TT news agency reported .
United comfortably beat Crystal Palace 2 - 0 while Liverpool left it late before knocking out holders Middlesbrough by the same scoreline at Anfield .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived in Washington on Thursday for talks with President George W. Bush dominated by the the quest for Middle East peace after the death of Yasser Arafat .
Major Hamzat al - Mustapha , who was the late dictator Sani Abacha 's security chief , has been standing trial with four others since October 1999 for allegedly attempting to kill former internal affairs minister Alex Ibru .
Reacting to his omission Pires , one of France 's golden generation of players , said : " I was waiting for this a little bit , considering my performances on the pitch and the comments I 've been making over the past few weeks . "
Arafat returned to Palestinian territory in July 1994 and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize athreatening statements for his life , sparking a wave of international condemnation .
The three days together , by far the best golf I 've ever played in my career .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell , in a television interview to be broadcast Sunday , said the United States wants the post - Yasser Arafat Palestinian leadership to crack down on " terrorism . "
Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon on Wednesday ordered two suspected Islamic radicals to be held in custody in connection with investigations into a plot to blow up Spain 's supreme court , court sources said .
Italian Economy Minister Domenico Siniscalco on Wednesday said members of the Group of Seven industrialized nations were considering " coordinated intervention " to stabilize exchange markets after the single European currency broke through the 1.30-dollar barrier for the first time .
The 23-year - old Swiss star , who clinched the year - end top ranking after winning the US Open , begins defense of his title here Monday at the 3.7 million - dollar event in a round - robin match against Argentina 's Gaston Gaudio .
Since Wolfsburg reached the Bundesliga summit on September 18 , everyone has been asking how long it would be before the unfashionable outfit slipped down the ladder .
At the same time , foreign investors , who have been putting money into the market as the US dollar has weakened and ahead of the increase in the MSCI weighting for Taiwan , may also want to take some profits .
Spain 's biggest bank Banco Santander Central Hispano ( SCH ) acquired Britain 's Abbey National for a total of 13.19 billion euros ( 17.12 billion dollars ) , the Cinco Dias business daily reported on Saturday .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday he hoped people would show proper respect during the last hours of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , struggling for life in a French hospital .
Andrew Bartlett , deputy leader of the small Australian Democrats party which opposed the Iraq war , said the party hoped an armistice in Iraq would follow soon and that free elections in January would end the war .
" Over the last four years Mandalay came to be known as the ' City of Without(s ) ' the resident told AFP , explaining that ' without ' was car dealer jargon for unlicenced vehicles .
Darren Huckerby , top scorer this season for newly promoted Premiership side Norwich , has signed a one year contract extension .
The court charged Bralo in 1995 , but kept his indictment secret until mid - October to help police track him down .
The coffin of the veteran leader , who died in a military hospital near Paris early Thursday at the age of 75 , arrived in Egypt late Thursday on an official French aircraft .
At the same time , Guillaume Soro , the secretary - general of the New Forces , compared the state media with Radio Mille Collines , the radio station that incited genocide in Rwanda 10 years ago .
But the talks stalled after Aung San Suu Kyi 's arrest in May 2003 following an attack on her supporters by a pro - junta mob .
Jia noted that 24 out of China 's 31 provinces were forced to ration power through ' brownouts ' during the summer months .
In 1999 she said her daughter 's marriage to Arafat had made her " suffer " hinting that living with the Palestinian leader was a hard choice .
The nuclear rivals have been engaged in a peace process since April 2003 when then - Indian prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee offered a " hand of friendship " to Pakistan .
Dec 20 : Leaves Lebanon for Tunis after being besieged in Tripoli by the Syrian army and its Fatah dissident allies .
Australian unemployment fell to a record low of 5.3 percent in October , official data released Thursday showed .
Japan - economy - wholesale TOKYO : Japanese wholesale prices in October rose 1.9 percent from a year earlier , the biggest increase in nearly 14 years , on higher prices for oil and other raw materials , the Bank of Japan said .
The two had already held marathon talks at the US presidential retreat of Camp David in July of 2000 .
Lindh died on September 11 last year , a day after Mijailovic knifed her repeatedly in the stomach , chest and arms while she was shopping at a Stockholm store without a bodyguard .
Bashir is currently on trial for terrorism accused of inciting followers to carry out the October 2002 Bali bombings in which 202 people died and of plotting last year 's attack on the Jakarta Marriott hotel .
He also was among four top Palestinian officials who this week visited the French military hospital where Arafat ended his days .
The chairman declined to give any concrete earnings forecast until Siemens published its first - quarter results at the end of January .
Solberg , the current Rally Australia champion , had declared himself a strong chance in this year 's event and was running second overall when he slewed off the slippery gravel surface .
Two other bombs went off within two hours of the first but nobody was injured , according to officials .
Salman Butt overcame a bout of cramps to hammer an unbeaten maiden century as Pakistan beat India by six wickets in a thrilling day - night match here on Saturday .
French President Jacques Chirac early Thursday expressed his emotion at the news of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's death and his office announced he would go to Percy military hospital in Clamart to " pay a final homage to President Arafat . "
Israel imposed a major clampdown on the occupied territories after Yasser Arafat 's death Thursday due to fears of attacks as armed militants loyal to the veteran Palestinian leader vowed to avenge him .
Fulham 's saviour then made it 2 - 1 in the 93rd minute before Brian McBride put the Londoners 3 - 1 up .
Accidents , caused by overloading and poor weather conditions , are frequent and claim many lives each year .
POLITICS : Following the signing of the Oslo accords in 1993 , Yasser Arafat returned from a decade in exile in Tunisia in 1994 to establish the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) , which was to oversee the road to statehood .
The Dutch presidency of the European Union has called a meeting of EU foreign ministers for Thursday evening in Cairo , the eve of Yasser Arafat 's funeral in the city , Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said .
Pires meanwhile is adamant he wants to extend his stay at Arsenal and welcomed manager Arsene Wenger 's decision to sign a new contract last month .
In another sign of efforts to kickstart the peace process , Egypt announced that Foreign Minister Abul Gheit 's delayed visit to Israel would take place on November 24 .
China - coal BEIJING : China will keep its coal export quota of some 80 million tonnes unchanged next year , claiming it wants to stabilize coal supply in the international market , state press reported .
Rwandan Hutu guerrillas hiding in the mountains and forests in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo will resist by force any attempt to make them go back to their country , their leader said Saturday .
South Korea , the world 's 11th - largest economy , has been dogged by feeble domestic demand amid high oil prices since a consumer credit bubble burst early last year .
Producer price inflation has quickened all year , unaffected by the Beijing 's measures aimed at braking the economy .
Fighter jets from China locked on to a plane carrying Taiwan President Chen Shui - bian during a trip over the Taiwan Strait , it was reported here Tuesday .
The protest came after Russia 's foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Yakovenko responded Friday to unrest in Abkhazia by saying Moscow was closely following the situation and would be obliged to defend its interests if necessary .
They were arrested at Harare airport while en route to Equatorial Guinea , where the trial of 19 other people alleged to be part of a conspiracy against Obiang is to resume later this month .
A US soldier was killed and three others injured during an attack on their military base near Baghdad , the army announced in a statement Sunday .
South Korea has disbanded its world - class squad of female short - track speed skaters and pulled out of major international events in a scandal over allegations of brutality by coaches , officials said Thursday .
It has not yet been announced who will represent the kingdom at Arafat 's funeral , due to take place Friday in Cairo .
He said the military was on course to retake the city by Saturday .
The Pentagon , which invented the precursor to the Internet 40 years ago , has laid the first connections for a secure , wireless information network that proponents say will fundamentally transform warfare , the New York Times reported Saturday .
The minister is a top member of the Al - Sabah ruling family and the son of Sheikh Fahd al - Sabah , the Kuwaiti emir 's half - brother , who was killed by invading Iraqi troops on the first day of the invasion .
This year , the Vikings began 5 - 1 but have dropped two in a row while the Packers have bounced back from a 1 - 4 start and would grab a share of the division lead with a victory .
The Netherlands has been shaken by a number of serious incidents since controversial film director Theo van Gogh was murdered a week ago by a suspected Islamic radical .
" We 'll be ready when you are , " was the main message of the US delegation to the Egyptian participants , according to one of them .
In the southern West Bank , a 22-year - old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces after troops opened fire at a group of stone - throwing protesters , medical sources and witnesses said .
Farrell 's second conversion , this time from the touchline , made it 12 - 6 and Britain were on a roll , especially after Newton produced his trysaver on Wing .
The region can not afford a reprise of conflict in Ivory Coast , a linchpin both geographically and financially due to its robust , cocoa - based economy that has attracted hundreds of thousands of migrants over the four decades since independence from France .
The central bank has said it aims to keep growth above 5.0 percent to create more jobs but economists at home and abroad have warned the country could fall short of that target this year .
From September 2003 until Arafat 's dramatic flight from the West Bank for emergency treatment in France , Abbas kept out of the spotlight , retaining many of his key positions and trying to patch up his differences with Arafat .
An airliner carrying 512 passengers was due to depart Thursday morning , following two planes that landed safely late Wednesday in Paris carrying a total of 607 people , French military spokesman Major Jacques Combarieu told AFP .
Park , who can clinch second with a victory here , has been on a roll recently .
Mauresmo still has Black Group matches to come against Kuznetsova and Sharapova - who played each other later Thursday .
Having taken their foot off the pedal , South Africa found themselves having to cling on desperately for a 38 - 36 win over Wales in the opening match of their tour of the British Isles last Saturday .
The Red Crescent also planned to send on Thursday a convoy of five or six trucks laden with food into Fallujah , where a strict curfew has been imposed and water and electricity supplies cut .
" The National Assembly is due to meet this afternoon to approve this choice before the official nomination , " the spokesman added .
The International Monetary Fund said Wednesday it had cut its economic growth forecast for Italy to 1.7 percent from 1.9 percent because of higher oil prices and the euro 's appreciation against the dollar .
And the World Cup - winning full - back , who only switched codes in November 2000 , said new England coach Andy Robinson 's offer of the captaincy had caught him unawares .
Television reports said there were four people still missing after the crash but civil defense officials could not confirm this .
On November 9 , electricity and heating had been cut off in the hostel , its residents having fallen behind with their bills .
President George W. Bush , who shunned Arafat for more than two years , said Wednesday that the emergence of a new democratic Palestinian leadership would provide " an opening for peace " that he would welcome .
Sixty - four people were killed and " more than 1,000 " wounded in days of anti - French mob violence that swept through the main Ivory Coast city Abidjan , an adviser to the president said Wednesday .
" She served huge today .
Hope declined further details of the identities of the persons detained , saying that the second one " was able to prove his identity and was released Friday . "
" My hope is that an emerging Palestinian leadership can benefit from Arafat 's experiences , be welcomed to the peace process by prime minister Sharon and president Bush , and be successful in helping to for at 23.17 after the announcement .
" We 'll do whatever it takes to get a peace , " Bush said , a comment echoed by Blair on the day Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .
A poll conducted last month showed that Arafat had been likely to secure certain re - election , with jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti the second most popular choice .
People were trapped in burning vehicles when the car bomb exploded at the height of morning traffic , an AFP reporter on the scene said .
The two men will go to Cairo on a special flight to be present at the funeral on Friday , a spokesman from Erdogan 's office said .
Darren Clarke of Northern Ireland carded a five - under - par 67 to stretch his lead to four strokes in the third round of the Taiheiyo Masters golf tournament on Saturday .
The former French colony has been divided since a September 2002 uprising by rebels trying to unseat President Laurent Gbagbo .
Sri Lanka 's premier was a close ally of Arafat and for the past 25 years was president of the Sri Lankan Committee for Solidarity with Palestine .
Mbeki had already met briefly Tuesday with his Ivorian counterpart Laurent Gbagbo , amid the sweeping xenophobic unrest in Abidjan which Ivorian presidential adviser Alain Toussaint told AFP had killed at least 64 people and left " more than 1,000 " wounded .
Pictures US - CIA , lead WASHINGTON CIA deputy director John McLaughlin announces he has decided to retire after more than 30 years at the spy agelice say .
The southern German state of Bavaria on Thursday banned women state school teachers from wearing Islamic headscarves and other religious insignia in schools .
When families refused , their children were sometimes abducted from their homes at night or forcibly recruited while walking to school .
Sibierskis goal punctured Rovers ' confidence and allowed City to take the initiative in the second - half .
Philippine share prices closed 0.79 percent lower Thursday , extending losses on continuing concerns the country faces a costly credit ratings downgrade , dealers said .
Bush made one attempt during a Middle East tour in June 2003 to inject new life into Middle East talks based on the ' roadmap ' for peace drawn up by the United States , European Union , Russia and United Nations .
Third - placed Udinese , who chalked up their fourth victory in a row when they won 3 - 0 at Roma on Wednesday , host Messina , who climbed to fifth despite being held by Sicilian rivals Palermo the following day .
A US military spokesman on Friday announced that al - Jondi had been found alive in Fallujah , west of Baghdad , by US troops pushing an offensive to retake the city from rebels .
" I shall be attending his funeral ceremony on behalf of the British government , " Straw told BBC radio while paying tribute to Arafat , who died in the early hours of Thursday in a Paris hospital .
Mijailovic , who remained tight - lipped through the two previous trials , refused to answer questions in court again on Wednesday .
Microsoft has been developing its search engine for 18 months , is trying to get a bigger share of the lucrative business of combining Internet search and advertising .
Blair , who had just returned from a visit to the United States to meet with newly re - elected President George W. Bush , read a passage from the New Testament .
At the end of the day , only Yemen , Bahrain and Saudi Arabia gave their own official reactions to the leader of the Palestinian cause .
The soldier 's remains had laid in state in Parliament overnight ahead of the Armistice Day service .
European stock markets made slight gains in early deals on Thursday in cautious trading following the death of Yasser Arafat and after a weak overnight showing on Wall Street , dealers said .
Jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti , sentenced to five life terms in an Israeli prison , is mulling a bid for the Palestinian presidency , his wife Fadwa said Saturday .
The British government has taken an increasingly tough line on tobacco , and has been keeping a close eye on a wide - ranging ban on all smoking in public places introduced in Ireland earlier this year .
" He 'll be up Monday afternoon or evening so that 's not a major concern , " he said .
Zhang was driving when the former Liaoning teammates ' car crashed in April , 2000 .
Eritreans working for the UN Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ( UNMEE ) have been included in a roundup in Eritrea of people said to have avoided military service , an UNMEE spokeswoman said Thursday in Asmara .
In France , a naval task force based in the Mediterranean port of Toulon said two other ships , the transport Foudre and frigate La Fayette sailed on Wednesday for Ivory Coast .
In a third criminal case against her , Love pleaded guilty in July of being under the influence of drugs and was sentenced to a drug rehabilitation programme .
The blueprint calls for a series of confidence - building measures leading to the creation of a Palestinian state , initially set for 2005 , but which Bush pushed back in May amid anti - Israel extremist attacks .
The Mozilla Foundation , a non - profit group " dedicated to preserving choice and promoting innovation on the Internet , " announced the release this week of its Firefox 1.0 browser after issuing a preview version last month downloaded by some eight million people .
The Islamic republic 's national flag was lowered to half - mast as Musharraf paid tribute to the Arafat , who died in a French military hospital after slipping into a coma .
Rumsfeld praised the courage of Salvador 's some 370 troops in Iraq -- Nicaragua , Honduras and the Dominican Republic also sent troops to Iraq before they withdrew them fearing reprisals .
Australia - politics - abortion SYDNEY : Prime Minister John Howard called for calm debate on abortion , as the issue dominates Australia 's political agenda for the first time in more than 20 years following the conservative government 's re - election last month .
They will meet Malaysia 's Chew Choon - Eng and Choong Tan - Fook in the final after the Malaysians managed a narrow win over China 's Sang Yang and Zheng Bo 17 - 16 , 13 - 15 , 15 - 13 .
He went to his hotel with his entourage after landing here .
On the third full day of battle , deadly street fights erupted as thousands of US and Iraqi forces moved from house - to - house , barging through walls or jumping rooftops to avoid being hit by snipers in the hunt for rebels .
When Hearts forced a 0 - 0 draw at Cotonsport in the second series of pool matches , the 2000 African Champions League winners led the less competitive of the two mini - leagues .
Mayor Willem Deetman warned that the site of the siege had not yet been made completely secure , and 200 local residents had been evacuated because of the danger of the presence of explosives .
The investigation is ongoing , " Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for the state prosecutor 's office said shortly after ANP news agency reported that the police siege had ended .
A fire swept through a wooden mosque in Helden in the south of the Netherlands early Saturday , without causing any casualties , the Dutch news agency ANP reported .
A day after the Iraqi military revealed it had found a " slaughterhouse " in Fallujah where foreign hostages had been executed , Batty said three Iraqi hostages were found in " basements , handcuffed by their hands and ankles , starving , thirsty and tortured . "
The migrants are held in the centres for up to two months while authorities check their eligibility for political asylum .
They were stripped of the three - day eventing team and individual gold when it was ruled , after an appeal by other competitors , that Hoy had illegally crossed the start line twice .
Mauresmo said that regardless of what happens to Davenport , she believes her best chance to regain the number one spot she first captured in September is to win the title .
A group of 11 Portuguese nationals was evacuated Wednesday from Ivory Coast on board a Spanish military aircraft which flew out of the violence - wracked country , the Portuguese foreign ministry said .
Chirac was to go to the hospital to " pay his last respects " before the body was taken away , officials said .
" I 'm not a youngster any more and starting over again and again gets a bit tiring after a while . "
Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi on Thursday expressed " our deepest grief " on the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , and urged sponsors of the " roadmap " for Middle East peace to remain committed to the plan .
On Thursday , the PLO 's Tunis - based politburo chief , Faruq Qaddumi , was appointed head of Fatah .
US commanders in Iraq estimated the size of the rebel force in the city at 2,000 to 3,000 fighters before US and Iraqi forces moved Monday .
If he were to take Arafat 's place , his formal appointment could galvanise the peace process which ground to a halt after he left office .
Martin had completed just 2 km of the opening super special stage in Perth on Thursday night when the engine of his Ford Focus lost oil , caught fire and began running on three cylinders .
The US military took issue Saturday with confident assertions by a top Iraqi official that the battle for the rebel enclave of Fallujah had ended , insisting field commanders had yet to declare the huge operation over .
France drafted the resolution , which threatens an arms embargo and other measures , after nine of its soldiers were killed in a government air strike last week on rebel positions that broke the country 's shaky ceasefire .
The Arab world urged the Palestinians to stand united after the loss Thursday of their historic leader Yasser Arafat and declared official periods of mourning , as praise started to flow in .
Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte recently blasted Zagreb for not detaining the 37-year - old fugitive , saying he had been pinpointed in Croatia earlier this year .
A peace deal was signed in Marcoussis , France , in January 2003 to bring the rebel leaders into a unity government , and a ceasefire was reached in May that year .
The book is among a collection of 1,300 assembled over four decades by Coleridge 's son , which also includes early 19th century first editions by poets Percy Bysshe Shelley and John Keats .
Senior executives from vaccine makers , public health regulators and officials from industralised countries were among about 40 experts taking part in the meeting until Friday , WHO spokesman Dick Thompson said .
Clarke got off to a flying start to the 150 million yen ( 1.4 million dollar ) event by sinking three straight birdies , and then added four more before a bogey on the penultimate hole .
But despite racking up their highest ever Test score , they will have to raise their game by several notches to have any chance of worrying the Aussies or the Springboks over the next fortnight .
Consumption on the other hand is expected to slide as the effect from income tax cuts abates , dropping from 3.5 percent in 2003 to 2.5 percent this year and 1.9 percent in 2005 .
The deaths brought the total number of people killed since the beginning of the intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 to 4,571 , including 3,536 Palestinians and 961 Israelis , according to an AFP count .
The film has taken more than 119 million dollars since it opened in North America in June .
Bush is due to attend the November 20 - 21 APEC summit in Chile , his first trip abroad since winning reelection last week .
" I 've been with the president at least , oh , eight or nine times since the election , and we 've talked about many , many things , " he told reporters after a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer . "
Local authorities were to decide later whether to formally arrest Uzan and 22 other people who accompanied him to the ranch .
Dahlan quit as security minister after Abbas ' resigned as head of government in September 3004 over differences with Arafat who refused to let go of his iron grip on security matters .
In what will not help Kiwi confidence for the clash with world cricket 's leading team starting on Thursday in Brisbane , NSW wrapped up victory early on the final day of the four - day game at the Sydney Cricket Ground .
Chinese share prices closed 0.54 percent lower Thursday as investors opted to take quick profits after the sharp gaaid Zhang Qi , analyst with Haitong Securities .
Wong noted that HSBC 's decision to lower lending rates , despite the rate hike from the US Federal Reserve , will be a focus of trading Friday .
The blast comes after about 7,000 Pakistani troops launched a fresh operation against Al - Qaeda linked fighters in South Waziristan , a semi - autonomous tribal area which borders Afghanistan , on Friday .
The mini spy thriller , dubbed " 24 : Conspiracy , " will first be launched in Britain on January 30 before coming to US users .
Boskovic 's bolt from the blue ensured a nervy second period for Marseille and their plight worsened after a blunder by Barthez gifted PSG their equaliser ten minutes after the break .
The US State Department announced Wednesday that Secretary of State Colin Powell will attend an international conference on Iraq to be held in Egypt November 22 - 23 , after meeting with APEC leaders in Chile .
Thousands of shoppers queued for hours in 2002 to snap up limited - edition T - shirts emblazoned with Tongdaeng 's image , sold to raise money for the king 's charitable foundations .
US - Iran - Powell WASHINGTON The United States has no intention of changing Iran 's regime and has no plans to invade the nation , US Secretary of State Colin Powell said in an interview to be broadcast Sunday .
And mystery still hangs over Yushchenko 's bizarre poisoning , which threatened to sideline him from the campaign and that his team claimed may have been orchestrated by state officials .
On Tuesday , Palestinian foreign minister Nabil Shaath affirmed that the 75-year - old leader had not been poisoned but rumours abound over what exactly he died of .
" It would be a huge step , since China is also hosting the World Boxing Championship next year and then Olympics in 2008 , it will be a very big punch . "
Beckham , 29 , has won the Champions League and several English Premiership titles with Manchester United but longs to win something in an England shirt before hanging up his boots .
After resuming at 25 without loss , NSW opener Phil Jaques ( 70 not out ) guided his team to victory with Matthew Phelps , also unbeaten on 39 .
Simons resigned after a string of bad performances by South Africa in both Tests and one - dayers , which included a preliminary round exit in last year 's World Cup in South Africa .
US Federal Reserve policymakers Wednesday raised the key short - term interest rate by a quarter point to 2.0 percent , the fourth increase since June .
Top world news stories for F Indonesia - quake JAKARTA : Six people were killed and 65 seriously injured after a succession of earthquakes measuring up to 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked an island in eastern Indonesia , police said .
SN Brussels Airlines , which offers four flights per week between Brussels and Abidjan , said it had not yet decided whether it would resume flights on Monday .
But for the moment the administration is keeping a low profile and waiting to see how the vacuum would be filled in the Palestinian movement dominated by Arafat for four decades .
" In October , the consumer price increase is mainly explained by much higher costs for petroleum products ( 5.0 percent on the month , 19.6 percent on the year ) , " INSEE said .
Meanwhile the price of gasoline and automotive spare parts were up 13.9 percent in October over the same period last year , the bureau said .
Asked about the situation in the south of the city , where violent clashes had erupted Saturday , he said : " The mission is accomplished and there only remains these few pockets , which are being cleaned up . "
A bomb exploded early Saturday in a military refuge in the Pyrenees mountains in northern Spain , causing damage but no injuries , police said .
Arafat 's demise came as the UAE still mourns the death on November 2 of its president , Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al - Nahyan , whose country offered significant political and economic support to the Palestinian cause .
Barring a major mishap , Loeb , the new world champion , seems certain to clinch the event on his second attempt although he did have some anxious moments on Saturday , spinning out in SS11 and losing 10 seconds .
Hardline supporters of Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo took to the streets of the former French colony in west Africa last weekend , to protest at the destruction by the French military of Ivory Coast 's tiny air force .
Francisco Fonseca scored three goals here Saturday and Mexico remained the only unbeaten and undrawn football team in North American qualifying for the 2006 World Cup with a 5 - 0 victory over St. Kitts and Nevis .
Rangers were forced to replace Steven Thompson with Prso on 26 minutes when he failed to recover from an earlier knock .
I think I definitely raised my game tonight both mentally and physically .
Production at the retooled facilities will begin by January 2007 .
A Nigerian state governor 's office and a government television station were set ablaze on Thursday as armed raiders mounted a second day of political violence , officials and state radio reported .
China - forex BEIJING : China has no plans to adjust its decade - old currency peg to the US dollar in the near term , state press reported , citing Vice Finance Minister Lou Jiwei .
Once famous for being the globetrotting champion of the Palestinian cause , Yasser Arafat spent the last years of his life cooped up in his shriveled compound staring down the barrels of Israeli tanks .
He said the US Federal Reserve 's decision Wednesday to hike short - term rates to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent had little impact as the move had already been factored in .
Since his release from prison on April 21 , Vanunu has been subject to a series of sweeping restrictions , including a ban on travelling abroad as well as holding unauthorized meetings with foreigners .
The two candidates for the job -- Kujat stands down next July -- are Canadian army chief Ray Henault and his Danish counterpart Hans Jesper Helsoe , said a NATO spokeswoman .
The leaders of Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam -- which comprise ASEAN -- will meet in the Laotian capital Vientiane from November 29 - 30 for their annual summit .
Spain detained Akoudad at Morocco 's request as Rabat investigates the May 16 , 2003 blasts in Casablanca which killed 45 people , including 12 suicide bombers .
Saudi Arabia is battling a wave of terrorism blamed on sympathizers of the Al - Qaeda network and that has claimed some 90 lives and wounded hundreds since May 2003 .
China on Saturday urged Japan to stay calm in solving bilateral disputes a day after Tokyo demanded an apology for the intrusion of a Chinese nuclear submarine into Japanese waters .
Italy fell behind after just two minutes when Carter broke through some brittle Italian tackling to set up Smith for an easy score on his debut .
Albania , Croatia and Macedonia said Saturday they were ready to increase their participation in NATO operations and pledged to further develop cooperation in their bid to join the alliance .
A Cathay Pacific Airways Boeing 747 with 330 people on board made an emergency landing in Los Angeles after an engine caught fire during take - off , officials said Wednesday .
Schilling was second to Johnson in NL Cy Young voes in 2001 and 2002 .
US Vice President Dick Cheney was taken to the hospital Saturday for treatment after experiencing shortness of breath , US media reported , noting that his symptoms could be cold - related .
At least nine illegal immigrants -- Somalis and Mauritanians -- drowned and seven others were missing after their boat sank in the Aegean Sea late Monday in an attempt to reach the Greek coast .
French President Jacques Chirac visited the Paris hospital where Yasser Arafat was declared dead early Thursday to pay his last respects to the 75-year - old Palestinian leader .
Pictures US - attacks - Guantanamo - justice , lead WASHINGTON The United States has been forced to postpone its first military trial against a war on terror detainee after it was ruled illegal by a civilian court , officials said Friday .
A district court sentenced Mijailovic to life in prison , but an appeals court later ordered him intoh the two previous trials , to explain himself .
Bush , who was re - elected to a new four year term last week , faces mounting international calls to put new energy into efforts to end the decades old conflict between Palestinians and Israelis .
A fact - finding mission from the Japanese parliament called Wednesday for a slash in development aid to China , which has so far totalled nearly 32 billion dollars , citing China 's growing economy and hostility toward Japan .
For two years now , we 've been letting them say it 's open hunting for the French . "
On Wednesday , the military said Fallujah , which became a symbol of the insurgency against US troops and Allawi 's government , would be under control within 48 hours .
The moderate former prime minister Mahmud Abbas , who met several times with Sharon during his brief premiership last year , has taken over as head of Arafat 's Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) .
In addition to the two in the apartment another five people were arrested in the Netherlands Wednesday as part of anti - terrorist operations , Mark van der Eerve of the state attorney 's office told a news conference .
I hope I will come back next year .
Mbeki has already held talks with Gbagbo during a visit to Abidjan earlier this week .
A 56-year - old US woman gave birth to twins Tuesday in New York , becoming one of the oldest new mothers in the United States .
The economic news was generally positive : The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .
" Ware prices closed 0.25 percent higher Thursday in light trade , dealers said .
Italy conceded four more tries as their forward wilted under relentless pressure , but Bergamasco received the biggest roar of the day when he burst through , taking advantage of a sleepy All Blacks defence to go in behind the posts .
We felt we had left something behind , so to win today was very satisfying .
Russian President Vladimir Putin extended his condolences Thursday over Yasser Arafat 's death , saying his demise was a heavy loss to the Palestinians , as Moscow mulled whom to send to the Palestinian icon 's funeral .
Australia in the early stages and again later in the match were very disappointing . "
In the first nine months of 2004 bilateral trade was worth 4.4 billion dollars , up nearly 29 percent against the same period in 2003 .
The UN atomic energy agency cited South Korea on Thursday for failures to comply with international nuclear safeguards wider than Seoul had previously declared .
For centuries , women from Asia to Africa have applied henna to mark moments of happiness and celebration .
Pretax profit increased to 147 million pounds ( 210 million euros , 271 million dollars ) in the three months to the end of September from 127 million pounds during the same period in 2003 .
The match took place 24 hours after United played in the Premiership and , with their French boss fielding what was a stronger than expected team , Arsenal won 4 - 0 .
Prime Minister John Howard on Thursday called for calm debate on abortion , as the issue dominates Australia 's political agenda for the first time in more than 20 years following the conservative government 's re - election last month .
But it was Louis Saha , the sole survivor from the derby match , who put United ahead in the 22nd minute with his first goal of the season before Kieran Richardson scored the second six minutes before the break .
He said the looters descended on the palace after US troops apparently left at dawn .
France began evacuating thousands of its nationals on Wednesday as partisans of the president commandeered national media , which have been flooded with anti - French messages calling on protesters to rampage in the streets .
We shall send the following graphics MIDEAST ARAFAT BURIAL Graphic showing a map of the Palestinian Authority headquarters in Ramallah where Yasser Arafat is to be buried Friday .
US - led troops had occupied most of Fallujah by early Thursday and were confident of taking full control , as kidnappers pledged to kill Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's relatives unless the assault stopped .
Arafat , 75 , had been critically ill in a French military hospital since being airlifted from his West Bank headquarters on October 29 , and had been in a coma since the middle of last week .
The European Commission Thursday hailed the Lithuanian parliament 's decision to ratify the new EU constitution , the first country in the 25-member bloc to do so .
Solberg , who is also on five wins for the season , escaped injury following a minor crash on a shakedown drive on Thursday morning and his Subaru Impreza was not badly damaged .
The German Equestrian Federation confirmed Thursday that Beerbaum 's horse Goldfever , which he rode to his fifth Olympic title in Athens , tested positive for the banned substance Betamethasone .
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week , but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .
China 's central bank raised interest rates two week ago , partly in response to inflationary pressure as CPI hovered around seven - year highs .
Brigadier General Than Tun was among the latest victims of a purge against the military intelligence body once headed by former premier Khin Nyunt , who was accused of corruption and sacked on October 17 .
In his second year as manager of the Rangers , Showalter received 14 first - place votes and 101 points overall to win the award for the second time in his career .
The Chinese leader then travels with his entourage to Cuba for meetings with long - time ally President Fidel Castro .
South Korean President Roh Moo - Hyun on Friday issued a strong warning to the United States that a hardline US policy over North Korea 's nuclear weapons would have " grave repercussions . "
The UN refugee agency said Thursday it was pulling three of its four staff out of the city of Nyala in Sudan 's strife - torn Darfur region because authorities had stopped them moving around the region .
" I came to bow before president Yasser Arafat and pay him a final homage , " he told journalists after the short visit .
On 32 minutes Henri Camara should have made it 2 - 0 when Thompson played a ball beyond the Caley defence .
The court 's statement said Darkazanli , who has lived in Hamburg for several years , has again told German authorities he would not agree to be extradited .
The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard , the sources said .
The oil- and diamond - rich former Portuguese colony has enjoyed a boom in foreign investment since the end two years ago of a decades - long civil war , even though the nation still lacks basic infrastructure and qualified personnel .
Bayern Munich manager Felix Magath showed no sentiment towards his former club VfB Stuttgart with his new side triumphing 3 - 0 on Wednesday to reach the quarter - finals of the German cup .
A 78-year - old agricultural machine dealer was confirmed to have died of heart failure at a hospital after suffering a lack of sleep while sheltering in a car , Niigata prefectural police said .
Cohen then powered across to the right wing and released Cueto , the man who had taken his place in the starting line - up , for a second try .
Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin said Wednesday that 1,300 French nationals were voluntarily being evacuated from the Ivory Coast following several days of anti - French mob violence .
Surprise package VfL Wolfsburg remained on top of the Bundesliga on Saturday following a comfortable 3 - 0 home win over VfB Stuttgart .
US - led coalition forces and Iraqi troops on Monday launched an all - out offensive on Fallujah with the aim to root out insurgents .
Tsukamoto said the greenback would remain firm following Wednesday 's announcement of the US trade deficit , which unexpectedly declined to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .
At the end of a long and bumpy road , Arafat was admitted October 29 of this year to the Percy military hospital in the Paris suburb of Clamart after being airlifted from Ramallah .
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of the northwestern Spanish town of Santiago de Compostela Saturday in protest at Spain 's worst environmental off - shore disaster two years ago to the day , amid shouts of " never again " .
- Japanese emperor Hirohito , aged 87 , died on January 7 1989 after a three - and - a - half month battle against death at the end of a 62-year reign .
Canada will be represented at the funeral of Yasser Arafat in Cairo by Foreign Minister Pierre Pettigrew , a spokeswoman for Prime Minister Paul Martin said Thursday .
Around 1,000 people were at the French military base on Saturday .
The UN Security Council Wednesday opted to delay a vote on possible sanctions against Ivory Coast until Monday after African calls to give mediators more time to ease the country 's political crisis .
The Red Sox obtained Schilling from Arizona and he helped spark the club to a World Series title for the first time in 86 years , going 21 - 6 with a 3.26 earned - run average .
He would likely serve as a caretaker administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .
Indonesian police Friday said they were probing the death of a prominent rights campaigner after Dutch forensic teams found he died with excessive levels of arsenic in his body on a flight to the Netherlands .
The lists from the EU , Brazil , Canada , India , Japan , Mexico and South Korea are due to be formally endorsed on November 24 during a meeting of the WTO 's disputes settlement body , according to a newly released WTO agenda .
However , the trio has come up empty since Kerr 's victory in the State Farm Classic over two months ago .
He was elected to the Jerusalem seat of the Palestinian Legislative Council during the first poll organised in the autonomous territories in 1996 , and became the head of the PLC the same year .
A Pakistani was charged in Spain Saturday with financing a terrorist organisation and remanded in custody , court officials said .
Separatist leaders Friday gave a guarded welcome to the announcement .
" The casualties that have arisen in Iraq since the end of the major conflict in April 2003 are the direct responsibility of the terrorists and insurgents .
Neither Japan nor China has officially commented on the nationality of the submarine , which spent about two hours in Japanese waters Wednesday near the southern island of Okinawa before a chase on the high sea .
Earnings before interest and tax plunged by 35 percent over the period to 1.07 billion euros while sales rose 15 percent to nine million euros .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrives in Washington on Thursday and the post - Arafat era in the Middle East is expected to dominate talks with Bush on Friday , alongside the Iraq conflict .
With the German recovery effectively cut short , the ECB is likely hold off any upward moves in interest rates until after next year , economists said .
BANGKOK : THE NATION " Defence volunteers return weapons " Defence volunteers in three villages in Muang district yesterday returned seven guns provided by the authorities for their protection for fear that the weapons would make them terrorist targets .
Kansas City 's only crown came in 2000 but the Wizrds ' were this year 's winningest MLS club with 20 victories .
Pakistan on Thursday welcomed India 's announcement of a cut in troop numbers in disputed Kashmir as a step in the right direction which could reinforce the peace process .
" I saw them in their bus when they were coming for the operation at dawn .
I have achieved the number one ( before ) .
The court was due to resume hearings on Wednesday , but the judges refused and threatened to leave the country after discovering the government had still not allowed 200 families to return to their ancestral land .
Last December a fire which swept through a hostel dormitory housing mostly Asian and African students at the People 's Friendship University in Moscow left 43 people dead and 180 injured .
Arafat , who died at a Paris hospital early Thursday , was to be buried at his West Bank headquarters after a military funeral ceremony in Cairo Friday .
He struggled to a 12-round draw with Golota here in April to keep the crown .
" But after our medical commission formulated precautionary rules , it 's now parents who want such events because we have avoided risks , " said Chowdhry , who is also the head of Pakistan Amateur Boxing Federation .
Redknapp cancelled Christmas for his team after a 3 - 0 defeat in the corresponding fixture last December .
The first of four planned flights took off Wednesday afternoon from Abidjan , carrying 270 of the 14,000 French nationals in France 's former star colony in west Africa , the world 's top cocoa producer .
The warrior 's casket , draped in the New Zealand flag , was then wheeled on a gun carriage through central Wellington , in a full military funeral procession which began just after midday .
Zvonareva lost on Sunday to France 's Amelie Mauresmo in the final in Philadelphia - a tournament where she needed to do well to book her berth at the elite season - ending event .
Remi Oyo said that the presidents of South Africa , Ghana , Burkina Faso , Mali and Gabon had been invited to Sunday 's planned meeting in Abuja , along with Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi and AU Commission chairman Alpha Oumar Konare .
In July , the three parties that back Tandja won local elections , taking 62 percent of the 3,747 municipal seats .
Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul , who will attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , also expressed confidence that the Palestinian people would succeed in their bid for an independent state even if they have lost Arafat .
Ljubisa Beara , a Bosnian Serb former army officer accused of a key role in Europe 's worst massacre since World War II , pleaded innocent Thursday to charges related to the murder of more than 7,000 Muslims at Srebrenica in 1995 .
Reponsible for several hijackings of Israeli airplanes in the 1970s , it came to prominence again in August 2001 , when Israeli helicopter gunships fired on and killed its secretary general , Abu Ali Mustapha .
China raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade last month , partly in response to the inflationary pressures that have been building , especially since July .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 , a Palestinian official announced in the West Bank town of Ramallah .
" I thought we were going to win it but the result makes no difference to the league game that we have to play against Rangers in ten days ' time .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell declared Thursday that the United States " will do all we can " to help the Palestinians move toward peace following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Berlusconi has in any case made only one appearance in the dock during the long running trial , which began in March 2000 and was even suspended temporarily last year after his allies in parliament passed a controversial immunity bill .
Last week Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said India was willing to " look at all options " to resolve the dispute over the region .
The Oslo - brokered peace talks between the Colombo government and the LTTE have been on hold since the guerrillas walked out in April last year .
Sale skipper Robinson , 29 , is the first former league player to be made captain of the England side and he insisted the new era for the world champions started this weekend .
The bank had been under pressure for a rate cut to prop up an economy struggling for traction but it left the call rate unchanged at 3.5 percent for a second straight month in October citing fears of inflation .
" This decision was due to come into effect from Wednesday November 10 . "
Yasser Arafat 's coffin left Cairo on board an Egyptian military plane Friday after world leaders bid farewell to the Palestinian leader who is due to be buried in Ramallah in the afternoon .
Blair was in Washington Thursday and Friday to see the president , becoming the first foreign government leader to visit the White House since Bush won re - election earlier this month .
He was later released .
The terms of a preliminary accord were hammered out during two days of tough negotiations in Paris last week .
The Palestine Liberation Organisation 's executive committee is to meet at 8:00 am ( 0600 GMT ) , just hours after Arafat 's death was announced , to discuss " the transition and how to fill the void left by president Arafat , " Erakat told AFP .
Looters rampaged through a palace in Iraq 's third city of Mosul on Saturday that had been used by a foreign company , after the staff left at dawn , an AFP correspondent witnessed .
Freddie Ljungberg continued the goal rush before Tottenham hit back through Ledley King 's header on 74 minutes to make it 4 - 3 .
The day I stop feeling like that , it might be time to stop . "
Australia said spiking drinks will become a separate offence under new laws after a report released Friday revealed thousands of women were being surreptitiously drugged and sexually abused every year .
The 25-year - old Asian standout , trying to secure second place in the LPGA Player of the Year race behind already clinched winner Annika Sorenstam , fired a six - under par 66 to share the lead here at the 800,000-dollar event .
There will be no love lost at the Via Del Mare stadium on Sunday when dark horses Lecce entertain Serie A leaders Juventus .
An interim Haitian government led by Prime Minister Gerard Latortue took over after Aristide , now in South Africa , departed .
Ochoa , who will turn 23 on Monday , leads the tour with 19 eagles and needs only six birdies to break Maria Hjorth 's record of 408 set in 1999 .
" It was a pleasant surprise in the morning as I started reading a newspaper , " said 43-year - old Sheikh Zahid , referring to Singh 's announcement late Thursday .
The former Israeli nuclear technician , 50 , was taken into custody at an east Jerusalem hotel on Thursday , where police seized documents found in his room , police said .
US forces battled closer towards regaining control of Fallujah on Thursday , hunting down insurgents from their underground hideouts in the Iraqi rebel city as a deadly car bomb wreaked havoc in the Baghdad rush hour .
Scotland had been forced to face Australia with a team made up entirely of home - based players after English Premiership clubs turned down a request for the " exiles " to be released .
Frank Lampard has been here for many years , and now John will be doing the same .
" Currently we have a total of 99 US - sponsored projects valued at 89.12 million ( dollars ) that are scheduled to start in Fallujah before January 31 , 2005 , " said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher .
The body of Yasser Arafat was Thursday taken from the Paris hospital which treated the Palestinian leader before his death and transferred to a nearby military airport outside the French capital for a flight to Cairo .
New Zealand share prices closed 0.64 percent higher Thursday to continue their record - breaking advance in heavy trade led by Telecom , dealers said .
He had a cardioverter defibrillator implanted in June 2001 after he was treated for cardiac troubles after entering office with Bush in January 2001 .
" Arafat has been the object of Israeli demonisation for 40 years now , " said veteran Israeli peace activist Uri Avnery . "
A Pakistani court Saturday remanded 35 Indian fishermen to custody , a day after they were caught fishing in Pakistani territorial waters , police said .
In September the US State Department designated Vietnam as one of the world 's worst offenders on religious freedom .
One of those detained is Faycal Allouch , a 34-year - old Moroccan who was arrested , then initially released after questioning over the March 11 carnage .
A brass band played as Arafat 's coffin , draped in a Palestinian flag , was carried on a horse - drawn gun carriage through a tree - lined street of Cairo followed by a huge procession of heads of state and government ministers .
On the eve of his departure for Washington , Blair said Wednesday that solving the conflict must be a priority .
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in December , edged down three cents to 47.39 dollars a barrel in electronic trading at about 0930 GMT , after plunging by 1.44 dollars on Thursday .
Without ever signing official adoption papers , the veteran leader took personal charge of some 66 children , most of them left parentless after the massacres of the Palestinian camps of Tall Zaatar , and Sabra and Chatilla .
Earlier Friday , the Palestinian leadership held the Eid al - Fitr morning prayer by Arafat 's grave .
Vanunu was abducted by Israeli secret service agents in Italy , smuggled back to Israel and then jailed in 1986 after leaking top - secret details about the Dimona nuclear plant in the southern Negev desert to Britain 's Sunday Times .
" I hope that with his disappearance the Palestinians will have a new leadership team and we will be able to work with our Arab cousins like before the intifada . "
The International Red Cross said Wednesday it was worried about lack of power supplies to a million and a half people in crisis - hit Ivory Coast in west Africa , warning that power cuts threatened water supplies .
The Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) Thursday described Yasser Arafat 's death as a " grave calamity " and the Palestinian leader as having symbolised a " heroic struggle " .
Last month at least 141 miners were killed by another mine blast in Henan .
France had been in a process of stabilising unemployment for the past year and had now entered a periof of reduction .
Test cricket 's leading wicket - taker Shane Warne said Thursday the new International Cricket Council ( ICC ) proposal on cricket 's " chucking " controversy might create more confusion .
Dutch police on Friday raided a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) in the south of the country , arresting 29 people , the national prosecutor 's office said .
Month - on - month , however , the central bank 's corporate goods price index dropped a marginal 0.1 percent , registering the first drop in a year .
November 1 : Leila Shahid , the Palestinian spokeswoman in France , announces Arafat is improving and denies stories he had been poisoned .
Karimov became a key ally in the United States ' anti - terror campaign in Central Asia following the September 11 attacks in 2001 and continues to provide a major base for US forces near the Afghan border .
Former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic is on trial before the UN court but 15 other Serbian indictees are still on the loose .
The Chinese foreign ministry on Saturday reiterated the position it took during the submarine chase , saying it was trying to " gain further understanding on the situation . "
And three Basque Socialist lawmakers on Friday called on the Socialist government in Madrid to consider revoking the ban slapped on Batasuna under the previous government in March 2003 , if it comes out clearly in favour of peace .
That leaves the door open for Amelie Mauresmo to claim year - end number one honors , although the French player still must win the tournament to do so .
Following a failure to halt the use of short - term labour by two private bus companies , Finnish bus drivers decided on Thursday to widen an ongoing strike in the Helsinki region to other Finnish regions .
Speaking before the start of Rally Australia in Perth , the 16th and final rally of the year , Frequelin said he was not sure why the decision had been made but the motoring market was currently facing difficult times .
The newspaper said the photograph was taken in September 2000 at the Lavarack barracks in Townsville in Queensland state , weeks before the soldiers were sent on assignment to East Timor .
" My goal is to stay as long as possible at number one next year .
South Korea , the world 's 11th - largest economy , has been dogged by feeble domestic demand amid high oil prices since a consumer bubble burst last year .
In 1996 , a 63-year - old California woman also stunned the country by giving birth .
The French deservedly took the lead through a thrilling try by Brusque in the 10th minute .
Oracle Corp. said Wednesday it was prepared to walk away from its bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft , saying it had learned that its " final " offer was on the verge of being rejected .
Australia 's military chief said Thursday an investigation was underway after a leading newspaper published a photo showing black recruits hounded in a Ku Klux Klan - style stunt .
The investigation is ongoing , " Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for the state prosecutor 's office said shortly after the ANP news agency reported that the police siege had ended .
A Nigerian court later declared the planned general strike illegal , but Labour leaders immediately dismissed the ruling by judge Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad of the Abuja appeals court .
Two or three more flights were planned for Sunday , and Abidjan 's international airport was expected to reopen to commercial traffic on Monday .
" A total of 127 terrorists were captured in a raid on the hospital in Fallujah , " Abdel - Latif told reporters through an interpreter after talks with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .
The Patriots will try to extend a 15-game home win streak by beating a 3 - 5 Buffalo team they downed 31 - 17 on October 3 .
4 : After conflicting reports about whether Arafat is conscious , a French medical source says Arafat is " brain dead " and only breathing thanks to artificial life support systems .
By 17 , he was running guns to Palestinian groups fighting the creation of a Jewish state as the British mandate in Palestine crumbled after the end of World War II .
Skopje , Tirana and Zagreb signed the so - called Adriatic charter with the United States in May 2003 hoping to increase their chances of joining NATO .
The United States ranks 27th in a study of social progress worldwide due to social service budget cuts and chronic poverty plaguing major US cities , a University of Pennyslvania report out Thursday found .
Najaf 's provincial governor imposed a night - time curfew as part of new restrictions contained in a nationwide state of emergency declared before the Fallujah assault .
Aside from his England ambitions Beckham intends to play for five more years and left the door ajar for a move to German titans Bayern Munich .
France 's Amelie Mauresmo and Russian Maria Sharapova reached the semi - finals of the season - ending WTA Tour Championships on Friday , but American Lindsay Davenport , trying to hold on to her world number one ranking , was left in limbo .
The markets are shut Monday for the Muslim Eid festival .
Chinese officials had been pressing the issue for at least two days before Hu 's arrival .
Bush said there are 25 million military veterans in the United States , but only a few dozen from World War I are still living , all of them now over 100 years old .
Since coming to power in early 2001 , Sharon had boycotted Arafat and kept him under virtual house arrest in his West Bank headquarters for nearly three years before his dramatic airlift to France for medical care on October 29 .
The WTO schedule neccesitates that by May of next year , all countries should put forward their revised services offers .
You have to earn respect and maybe today we have earned a little respect .
Two US helicopters were forced to make an emergency landing after taking small arms and rocket - propelled grenade fire , a military spokeswoman said , adding that there were no casualties .
Veiled women carried pictures of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died Thursday in Paris and was buried in the West Bank town of Ramallah Friday .
We improved in the second - half and I thought we did fine .
During the last three years , the only exercise the 75-year - old Palestinian leader got was walking up and down the corridors , his entourage said .
Iraq 's most wanted man Abu Musab al - Zarqawi has fled Fallujah , the country 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
To reach Germany 2006 , Australia must beat the Solomon Islands in the Oceania qualifiers next September and play the fifth - placed South American nation for a finals ' berth in November 2005 .
Pursuing the story this Sunday , however , the News of the World and the Mail on Sunday said Wyatt had undergone an abortion last month as a result of an affair that had been running for four years .
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been caughtthe main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .
He was remanded in custody after appearing before Madrid examining magistrate Ismael Moreno , who is conducting investigations into a suspected Islamic extremist cell discovered in September in the northeastern Spanish city of Barcelona .
A Palestinian was shot dead and six others wounded , including a woman , during an Israeli incursion into a southern neighbourhood of Gaza City on Thursday , a Palestinian medical source said .
Meanwhile , a CIA officer who criticized the US handling of the war on terror in a book published under the pseudonym " Anonymous " has also resigned , a CIA spokesman confirmed Friday .
Police estimated the fire early Thursday caused 600,000 dollars ( 456,000 US dollars ) damage to Isik College in suburban Melbourne , a non - denominational school serving the Turkish community .
The 23-year - old injury - plagued ' keeper has played just 38 matches for Liverpool since his 6 million pound ( 9 million dollar ) transfer from Coventry City in August 2001 .
In December 2001 , Sharon -- who accused Arafat of directly encouraging attacks targeting Israelis or turning a blind eye to them -- isolated his arch - foe at his Muqataa headquarters in the West Bank .
Iranian officials handed their reply late Thursday on the proposed deal to the three countries and to Javier Solana , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , the French foreignnt activities to still be allowed , diplomats said .
The communist state said flags would fly at half - mast during its November 15 - 17 mourning period for Arafat , who died early Thursday in a Paris hospital aged 75 .
Thorpe , Australia 's most successful Olympian , Friday slammed Phelps for his actions .
In The Hague police had a 14-hour stand - off Wednesday with suspected extremists holed up in an apartment in the city centre .
South Korea had in August admitted to the IAEA that its scientists had conducted secret experiments in separating plutonium in the 1980 's .
The Guardian said Arafat 's death , on Thursday in a Paris military hospital at age 75 , " comes at a moment when the way ahead for this most intractable of conflicts has rarely looked so uncertain " .
KT , which became a private company two years ago , will be allowed to make freer procurement contracts in the United States .
A Japanese parliamentary report Wednesday called for slashing aid to China , saying the neighbour tolerated anti - Japanese sentiment and felt in a position to hand out loans of its own .
England 's new head coach Andy Robinson has backed Canadian pleas to be given more Tests after his first match in charge ended in a 70 - 0 rout of the North Americans here at Twickenham .
The group was fiercely opposed to the 1993 Oslo peace accords , and its armed wing -- the Ezzedin al - Qassam Brigades -- has been responsible for most of the suicide attacks carried out against Israeli targets during the second intifada .
Discussions have started and it should be clear if Marwan will become the candidate for Fatah within one or two weeks . "
Immigration authorities said Thursday they prevented 18 people from leaving the Philippines on suspicion that they are bound for war - torn Iraq and Afghanistan .
Russia - politics MOSCOW : Russia 's lower house of parliament gave initial approval Wednesday to a law making it far harder for small parties to make it into the chamber in a measure easily carried by the pro - Kremlin dominated chamber .
Arafat had been critically ill since being airlifted to Paris from his West Bank headquarters on October 29 , and in a coma since the middle of last week .
Agriculture Minister Majzoub al - Khalifa Ahmed said proposals for a " no - fly zone " over the region like those enforced over northern and southern Iraq under Saddam Hussein 's regime had been dropped from the final agreement inked in the Nigerian capital Tuesday .
After losing pitcher Greg Maddux , outfielder Gary Sheffield and catcher Javy Lopez in the offseason , the Braves were expected to finish behind Philadelphia and Florida in the NL East .
Authorities later seized their flagship bank , Imar , and discovered a huge deficit in the billions of dollars .
Arafat 's cousin Musa , the long - time Palestinian military intelligence chief who later became head of security in the Gaza Strip , helped the leader rein in militants but was later a source of friction .
Mozilla provided the basis for the original Netscape browser that dominated the early Internet before being crowded out by Microsoft .
Pakistan - attacks - Qaeda ) JAKARTA : Terror trial resumes of militant Isat 3.3 percent for October , up slightly from 3.2 pct in September . (
In a message of condolence , Berlusconi said Friday that the Palestinian people had lost " a symbol " of their quest for statehood .
" Oracle has been at this for a year and a half and it is now time to bring this matter to a close .
Clubs in Scandinavia , eastern Europe and Russia , who only play matches at European level during the winter months , are expected to install artificial pitches .
His party was once seen as a rival of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party , but it has been on the wane since it failed to win any seats in national elections in November 2002 .
On Saturday morning , though , Hoddle distanced himself from speculation linking him with job and the three points ensured Wigley a stay of execution , for the time being at least .
Yudhoyono will be one of the most prominent Asian politicians to attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , Egypt , on Friday .
US - led troops battling for control of Fallujah on Saturday took their fight against rebels to the south of the Iraqi city as scores of insurgents opened a new front in Mosul in the north .
The euro was changing hands at 1.2880 dollars from 1.2894 late on Wednesday in New York , 137.66 yen ( 138.08 ) , 0.6986 pounds ( 0.6978 ) and 1.5218 Swiss francs ( 1.5229 ) .
Tensions have increased in the region since 87 Muslim protesters died on October 25 after security forces broke up a riot at Tak Bai in Narathiwat province .
Even as the announcement of the troop reduction was being made , rebels attacked a police camp in Srinagar , the summer capital of India Kashmir .
" We will very probably give our response by tonight , " said senior Iranian nuclear negotibeing taken to the Security Council .
" Some people did leave ( Fallujah ) before it started " late Monday , he said .
Iraq 's Defence Minister Hazem Shaalan vowed Monday to cleanse the predominantly Sunni Arab city of Arab fighters as a massive offensive was launched on Fallujah , west of Baghdad .
Crude oil futures fell sharply Thursday , retracing gains from a day earlier and slipping below 48 dollars in New York as the market put aside concerns about winter heating oil supplies .
" Hispanic households across America will sharply increase both their numbers and economic clout over the next ten years , " the non - profit Conference Board said in a study released Thursday .
It was the first demonstration organized by United for Peace and Justice since President George W. Bush was re - elected on November 2 .
After news of Arafeen critically ill since being airlifted to France on October 29 from the Muqataa in Ramallah , where he is to be laid to rest at around 1400 GMT Friday .
Joining Jim Perry and Frank Viola as the only Twins hurlers to win the award , Sanatana struck out a season - high 14 against Baltimore on September 19 .
A statement from the agency 's headquarters in Geneva last week said that the refugee agency was in a " dilemma " over what to do .
At stumps SA were 138 for five , still requiring 308 off at least 112 overs on Friday 's final day .
In a meeting early Friday , the two leaders said both nations should cooperate within the United Nations and the World Trade Organization , " with the aim of preserving the rights and interests of developing nations , " Chinese sources said .
At 4:15 pm ( 0815 GMT ) , light sweet crude for December delivery was at 47.57 US dollars a barrel , up 15 cents from its close of 47.42 dollars in New York on Thursday when it had dropped 1.44 dollars .
Myanmar 's new premier was quoted by state media as saying that the summit would go ahead from December 9 - 11 , cutting it two days short .
THE HAGUE , NOV 12 ( APF ) - The Dutch police on Friday raided a training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) in the south of the country , arresting 29 people , Dutch media reported .
A poll conducted last month showed that Arafat had been likely to secure certain re - election , with jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwfive life sentences after being convicted of murder by an Israeli court in June .
FRIDAY , NOVEMBER 12 -- US troops tighten their grip on Fallujah .
The Islamic republic 's national flag was lowered to half - mast as Musharraf paid tribute to Arafat , who died in a French military hospital after slipping into a coma .
After passing up the invitation on a number of occasions , Blackburn duly capitalised on a gift from City with ten minutes remaining .
The grouping also announced an emergency summit to be held in the Nigerian capital on Sunday .
At least 16 people were killed and 100 injured , many seriously , on Friday after a succession of earthquakes measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked an island in eastern Indonesia , police said .
-- AFRIlead UNITED NATIONS The UN Security Council prepares to pass a resolution giving Ivory Coast 's government and rebels one month to implement a stalled peace deal or face UN sanctions .
Air Force One arrived in Penghu 15 minutes behind schedule as 28 Chinese fighter jets werin the strait where military aircraft and vessels from both sides must not enter without advance notice to avoid unexpected clashes .
Nujoma , the founding president of Namibia at independence from apartheid South Africa in 1990 , will be stepping down next year after a third term in office and is expected to be followed by Pohamba , a fellow liberation struggle veteran .
" We were given a week to surrender all un - licenced vehicles under the threat of stiff jail - terms , " a hotel manager , who also buys and sells cars , from the area told AFP .
The Brazzaville meeting takes place as diamond industry leaders meet for two days in Antwerp , Belgium to find ways to improve the industry 's image , badly tarnished by the trade in illegal or blood diamonds .
The interim ruling by the WTO on the case had already been leaked by officials from both sides in March .
A compromise on a December 1 deadline agreed Tuesday paved the way for what was expected to be unanimous approval from the 15-nation council -- but that date was changed to December 10 just hours before the expected vote .
As Prime Minister Iyad Allawi gave the go - ahead for the operation on Monday he spoke about four Arabs including two Moroccans -- natives of Marrakech -- who were caught during a raid on the city 's main hospital that day .
An AFP reporter saw looters rampage through a palace in Mosul that had been used by a foreign company after the staff left at dawn .
As late as Friday night , the US marine general in charge said only 80 percent of Fallujah had been occupied and that savage house - to - house fighting continued , with marines fighting a tenacious enemy .
In February at least 28 people were killed when a succession of powerful earthquakes hit Indonesia 's Papua province .
China admitted Thursday it faces major obstacles in implementing a UN ban on the production and use of 12 toxic chemicals , including deadly pesticides , which came into effect this week .
" Luckily for me , I 'm getting to experience this in my first year .
" We arranged for today for four aircraft capable of carrying a total of 1,300 people to return and prepared for the arrival in Paris considerable social , medical and legal services , " Raffarin said on France 2 television .
Last year the group announced a formal link with Al - Qaeda .
The report came one day after Chen called for the establishment of a " buffer zone " in the strait where military aircraft and vessels from both sides must not enter without advance notice to avoid unexpected clashes .
Both Cyprus and its chief backer Greece are members of the pan - European bloc and will have a veto right over Turkey 's bid to start accession talks when EU leaders meet on December 17 to decide the issue .
Wiesel regretted that it had taken so long for historians to focus on events in wartime Romania , which were swept under the carpet during decades of Communist rule .
Just a day after the highly emotional burial of veteran leader Yasser Arafat , Palestinians began preparing Saturday for a presidential election with an appeal for help from the international community .
Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on a visit to Nasiriyah that he expected that " today or tomorrow all the operations will end .
Gbagbo 's government has repeatedly accused Burkina Faso of supporting the rebels in the north whose uprising sparked the civil war , while Burkina says its southern neighbour bankrolled a coup bid against Compaore earlier this year .
The minister was speaking after Kuwait TV on Tuesday screened a documentary praising Arafat 's long struggle for his people after a fals oh / chz / hc
Italian insurer Assicurazioni Generali posted Thursday a 32 percent increase in third - quarter net profit thanks to an increase in earnings from its insurance business .
" Insurgents attacked a military base outside Baghdad this evening with indirect fire , killing one multinational force soldier and wounding three .
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday afternoon near the building and saw police leave with two people in custody .
But the tough - talking premier 's own family became caught up in the mayhem after a gang in three cars abducted his cousin , Ghazi Allawi , and the latter 's daughter overnight , a source from Allawi 's political party said .
Blair 's official spokesman told reporters this week that the government expected " a clear signal of intent " for reviving the peace process to emerge from the Washington summit .
UNHCR aims to return some 30,000 Liberians from Sierra Leone , Guinea and other neighboring countries before the end of the year in a process considered crucial to ensuring free and fair elections in October of next year .
European and Iranian diplomats held " very positive " discussions in Tehran Thursday over demands Tehran suspend some of its nuclear activities , but an accord has yet to be finalised , a source close to the negotiations told AFP .
" The union decided not to dispatch female skaters to an international event to be held in the United States from November 26 and another one to be held in Canada next month , " a union official said .
Jordan 's largest Palestinian refugee camp was draped in black Thursday as it mourned the death of veteran leader Palestinian Yasser Arafat .
She later became his economic advisor before they married secretly in 1990 , only revealing their union two years later .
The constant threats to his life meant he had to keep house - hopping and never slept in the same bed for two nights in a row or under the same roof .
The war escalated suddenly last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .
Arafat was laid to rest on Friday at his Muqataa headquarters in Ramallah , where Israel kept him under virtual house arrest for nearly three years until his dramatic airlift to France on October 29 for urgent treatment .
Some 6,200 UN peacekeepers have been in Ivory Coast since April , patrolling a ceasefire and trying to steer the divided country back towards reconciliation ahead of elections planned for next October .
VILNIUS , Nov 11 ( AFP ) Lithuania , the former Soviet republic which joined the European Union this year , on Thursday became the first country in the 25-member bloc to ratify the new EU constitution .
The Chinese pair threw away an 11 - 6 lead in the first set before coming back to take the second .
Panic spread through the crowd after a guard fired two warning shots in the air , causing everyone to dash for cover , an AFP correspondent witnessed .
In what his aides called a miraculous " escape " , Israeli commandos helicoptered in the night to Beirut on April 13 , 1973 and killed three of his lieutenants , but the PLO chairman was not to be found .
Tottenham Hotspur 's new manager Martin Jol was denied a first Premiership victory in charge as Arsenal held on to win a thrilling north London derby 5 - 4 at White Hart Lane here on Saturday .
US President George W. Bush has welcomed Morocco 's commitment to political , social and economic reforms , in a message marking the end of the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan , Map news agency said Saturday .
We need an honest broker , " Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa said Wednesday .
Hong Kong shares opened 0.92 percent higher Friday following a sharp fall in crude oil prices overnight and continuing institutional interest in HSBC , dealers said .
This will be the biggest challenge in the days ahead , " the top - selling Yomiuri Shimbun said in an editorial .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair will be in Washington on Friday for talks with US President George W. Bush , the first meeting between Bush and a foreign leader since his re - election .
Australian shares are expected to remain close to record highs next week as increased takeover activity and strong earnings outweigh the temptation to cash in profits , dealers said Friday .
Iran - nuclear - IAEA TEHRAN : Crucial talks between Iran and the European Union over demands that Tehran suspend some of its nuclear activities failed to reach a conclusion but will continue Friday , a source said .
Jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti urged Palestinians Thursday to retain their commitment to the intifada after the death of veteran leader Yasser Arafat .
The UN team on November 24 will meet with Burundi 's President Domitien Ndayizeye , members of the government and local institution leaders .
He missed this month 's fourth Bombay Test against India after breaking a thumb in nets batting practice .
Text slug : Mideast - Arafat 130 x 85 mm MIDEAST ARAFAT BIO Graphic showing key events in the life of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died Thursday in a Paris hospital .
Germany 's Ironman Triathlon world champion Nina Kraft faces losing her title and being banned from competition after admitting using the banned blood booster EPO ( erythropoietin ) .
Commanders acknowledged that many insurgents had fled Fallujah before the battle began and were operating in other Sunni Arab flashpoints such as Mosul .
" We are in the final stages of holding the first ever school level world championship next year , " AIBA President Anwar Chowdhry told AFP .
PSG have beaten Marseille twice in the last few days .
The government named Olsen on Wednesday as one of nine " nominated members of parliament " to serve a two - year term starting in January , meaning she will become an MP without having to fight an election .
Bosnian Croat war crimes suspect Miroslav Bralo surrendered Wednesday to representatives of the international community in Bosnia , the Croatian justice ministry said .
US troops have found three Iraqi hostages in the basement of houses in Fallujah , handcuffed and starving , a marine officer said on Thursday .
Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon announced Thursday that a company of Gurkhas from the British army was " pre - positioning " in Ghana , neighbouring Ivory Coast , to lead the evacuation using Royal Air Force planes .
The market has been under pressure since late last month when the government raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade , partly in response to inflation pressures which had picked up steadily this year .
Relations between Jordan and veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who died Thursday were marked by mutual distrust and the bloody military confrontation of " Black September " in 1970 .
" We will be moving in the next day or so in Mosul to restore the rule of law , " he said , without giving details .
I have been doing that the last two weeks .
Barnier met Arafat on June 30 in his headquarters in Ramallah on the West Bank .
" I think if Arafat had grabbed hold of that opportunity in the dying days of the Clinton administration then the path of things in the Middle East may have been smoother , " he said .
" The Palestinian Legislative Council ( parliament ) will meet in Ramallah to install Rawhi Fattuh as acting president of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days " as laid down in the Palestinian mini constitution , a parliamentary source said .
As the heat of the day increased , more and more hoards of clapping , chanting youths , garbed in headscarves and carrying black flags of mourning , surged towards the compound , pressing to get inside .
The US Treasury Department on Wednesday charged that the Peruvian airline Aero Continente is a financial front for alleged drug trafficker Fernando Zevallos Gonzalez , and banned US nationals and businesses from doing business with the carrier .
Franklin Mint launched the suit in 2002 after the fund sued the souvenir company four years earlier alleging Franklin Mint had illegally produced and sold Diana dolls , plates and jewellery without permission .
Ivory Coast , the world 's top cocoa producer , plunged into civil war in September 2002 after rebels mounted a failed coup to oust Gbagbo .
France 's Amelie Mauresmo booked her berth in the semi - finals of the season - ending WTA Tour Championships on Friday with a 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 victory over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia .
A 20-year repeat offender identified as Chen was given a life sentence as he was still on parole after serving three years in prison for a previous rape , the paper said .
Italy grabbed a consolation try in stoppage time when Mauro Bergamasco broke loose to steal in under the posts .
Iraqi insurgents claim they have captured 20 national guards in Fallujah , according to the Arabic television station Al - Jazeera , which broadcast a videotape Wednesday purporting to show the captured men .
India 's decision to reduce troop strength in Kashmir is a positive gesture to Pakistan and underlines its commitment to peace with its nuclear - armed rival , military experts said Friday .
Arafat , 75 , died in a French military hospital outside Paris after being flown there from his Ramallah headquarters nearly two weeks ago .
Stupples found out here that she has been invited to Buckingham Palace on December 7 to meet the Royal Family .
Five vessels left from southern Shimonoseki port on a mission until April to gather data on " resource management " such as the whales ' population trends and the marine ecosystem , the Fisheries Agency said .
The former girlfriend of screen star Burt Reynolds has sued the actor for allegedly failing to honour a promise to take care of her and her mother for life , court documents showed Wednesday .
The Palestinian people have lost " a symbol " with the death of their president Yasser Arafat , Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Thursday .
Young 's 1999 doping case is still causing controversy because the following year he was part of the US 4x400 m relay team that won the gold medal at the Sydney Olympics .
" I think if the Palestinians move fast , even to get to the elections before the 60 days , it will serve them better , " said professor Amaney Jamal of Princeton University .
Its figures follow a report Thursday from Germany , the eurozone 's biggest economy , which showed its modest recovery had run out of steam in the third quarter owing to a fall in exports .
Rebels fought for their lives in Fallujah as US troops closed in after losing 18 colleagues in three days of fighting that they said had left more than 500 militants dead .
He was killed during Operation Days of Penitence , launched by the Israeli army in late September in a bid to put a stop to Qassam rocket attacks against Israel by Palestinian militants .
The US athletics federation took no action against Young and it was only three years later just before the Paris world championships that his failed drug test was revealed in newspaper reports .
Jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti , sentenced to five life terms in an Israeli prison , is mulling a bid for the Palestinian Authority presidency , his wife Fadwa said Saturday .
France 's Amelie Mauresmo , bidding to capture the year - end number one ranking at the season - ending WTA Tour Championships , opened her campaign on Thursday with a 6 - 1 , 6 - 0 rout of Russian Vera Zvonareva .
The warning , which replaces one issued August 21 , advises US citizens in the region to use extreme caution in public places such as restaurants , hotels , clubs , shopping centers , public buses and bus stops , as well as during demonstrations .
The temple official was hacked him to death in his office in Kanchipuram on September 3 and police have alleged the murderers were contract killers hired by Saraswati .
The African Union has criticised the government 's ceasefire violation , but has called on both sides to show restraint and it hopes that Obasanjo and Mbeki can broker a renewed ceasefire before the country slides back into war .
A provincial government relief centre had counted 19 dead , 36 seriously wounded and 76 less seriously hurt , said centre official Mesak Matabey from Alor island , which was struck by the quake before dawn Friday .
" Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " it said in a statement .
Text slug : Israel - nuclear - Vanunu 90 x 85 mm MIDEAST ARAFAT BURIAL Graphic showing a map of the Palestinian Authority headquarters in Ramallah where Yasser Arafat is to be buried Friday .
After barely four months in the job , he walked out after failing to wrest full control of the Palestinian security apparatus from the former strongman .
Washington , which sent Middle East envoy William Burns to the funeral , has backed every Israeli move to sideline Arafat over the past three years .
Tensions have increased in the region since 87 Muslim protesters died on October 25 after security forces broke up a riot at Tak Bai in Narathiwat .
In June 2000 , a quake measuring at 7.3 on the Richter scale killed at least 94 people and damaged more than 16,000 in Bengkulu province on Sumatra island .
The highest - ranking group of presidents , kings , princes and ministers to have gathered in the region in years fanned ouuneral since the death of former president Anwar Sadat in 1981 .
Harmony shareholders are to vote Friday on the company 's offer , the same day Gold Fields goes before the South African Competition Tribunal to ask it to rule against Harmony 's bid .
The Irish government is going to pay the Band Aid Trust the equivalent of what it earns in value added tax ( VAT ) from sales of the new Live Aid DVD and CDs , Development Minister Conor Lenihan said on Wednesday .
The commander of the US First Infantry Division , General John R.S. Batiste , also admitted the insurgency could resurrect itself elsewhere after the assault , dubbed Operation Dawn , in Fallujah , but he did not appear outwardly concerned .
NATO forces in Bosnia ( SFOR ) arrested on Thursday two Bosnian Serbs , including the brother of war crimes suspect indicted by the UN war crimes court in the Hague , a Bosnian Serb police spokesman said .
" I want to play football for five more years , " added Beckham . "
The department put Zevallos Gonzalez , the airline 's founder , on its list of drug kingpins June 1 .
" We played a completely different midfield and have had to start all over again which is difficult in November .
Government figures show that at the end of September commercial banks had non - performing loans ( NPLs ) of 1.7 trillion yuan ( 205 billion dollars ) , rising from 1.66 trillion yuan at the end of June .
Utility prices , including water , electricity and fuel rose 12.3 percent in October with residential rentals up 3.1 percent .
We have the opportunity to cut Celtic 's lead when they come here but there are important games before that .
But many insurgents appear to have fled before battle commenced and are running riot across the country , particularly in Mosul , northern Iraq where US forces were called in to conduct air strikes on Thursday .
One of India 's top Hindu religious leaders , Jayendra Saraswati , has been charged with the murder of a temple official , police said Friday .
650 words moved by Hazel Ward Mideast - Arafat - survivor RAMALLAH , West Bank Yasser Arafat was a survivor who cheated death on several fronts , not least his health , during a 40-year career as the symbol of the struggle for Palestinian statehood .
In November 2003 , Bush stepped up efforts to marginalize Arafat , urging Europe to join the United States and Israel in shunning him .
Representing liberal forces , the smaller parties lost all but a handful of seats in last December 's elections , and have been trying to face down laws that limit Duma membership .
Putin already made a three - day visit in support of Yanukovich 's campaign on the eve of the first , indecisive round held October 31 .
Elsewhere , Aston Villa manager David O'Leary paid tribute to German midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger after his spectacular strike earned the Midlands side a dramatic 2 - 1 victory at Bolton .
On Wednesday , the French newspaper La Tribune said Alcatel was preparing to sell its 9.5 percent stake .
The match has special significance for England coach Sven - Goran Erikkson , whose first match in charge was against Spain in February 2001 .
Asia - oil - prices SINGAPORE : Oil prices were firmer in Asian trade after a sharp drop in US hours when concerns over supplies of heating oil during the northern hemisphere winter eased , dealers said .
The war cost some 10,000 lives and ended only after NATO bombing forced Serbian troops under then - Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic to withdraw .
Parliamentary speaker Rawhi Fattuh has been named caretaker head of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days , by which time elections must be held under the Palestinian Basic Law .
Kant was opened by Russia 's President Vladimir Putin in autumn last year , the first new military base to be opened by Russia outside its territory since the Soviet Union 's 1991 collapse .
The proposal to set up the Free Trade Area of the Asia - Pacific was made by the business lobby of the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation forum , whose leaders gather for annual talks in Santiago , Chile November 20 - 21 .
Bralo was a member of a notorious special forces unit known as " The Jokers " under the command of Anto Furundzija , sentenced in 1998 to 10 years prison by the UN tribunal for war crimes .
" 45-year - old teacher Hiran Kongcharoen was shot twice early Friday morning by unidentified gunmen on a motorcycle in Yala 's Yarang district , a police spokesman told AFP .
Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over The Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured three officers in the pre - dawn raid .
" You can expect development to be achieved in a day .
Traditional shipping routes , which often require a passage through either the Suez or Panama canals , are risky .
Jordan 's King Abdullah II is to attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo on Friday , a palace source said , as a period of mourning was declared .
South African Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma said on Wednesday more west African troops should be deployed to Ivory Coast to dilute the strong French military presence there .
Singapore 's prime minister arrived in Bangkok on Thursday for talks with his Thai counterpart focused on improving trade but touching on the upheaval in Myanmar , a Thai official said Thursday .
Over the first nine months of the year , net profit rose 37.6 percent to 1.014 billion euros from 737 million a year earlier .
Spanish - based striker John Aloisi was this week ruled out for a month with a knee injury suffered playing for Osasuna last weekend .
" I met Gerard Houllier in London after attending the Athens Olympics and we have stayed in touch .
The suspects , who were arrested Wednesday in a police raid in The Hague , also intended to kill Geert Wilders , a deputy highly critical of Islam who intends to launch a new , staunchly right - wing , party , the report said .
A senior Palestinian official has renewed suspicions that Yasser Arafat might have died as a result of poisoning , in an interview with a Turkish newspaper published on Saturday .
Group recurring profit dropped 38.5 percent to 15.06 billion yen in the six months to September on sales of 690.79 billion yen , up 3.8 percent .
A few yards ( metres ) away , after a very calm night around the hospital , only two of many sympathizers who had been present for two weeks were still there when the final announcement came .
He heads the 2,500-year - old Kanchipuram Temple and last year national leaders including President Abdul Kalam attended celebrations marking the golden jubilee of his ascendency to the hallowed post .
Freddie Ljungberg restored Arsenal 's two - goal lead with an easy tap in the 69th minute but again Tottenham staged a furious fightback .
The paunchy , grizzled figure has been at the forefront of the Palestinian struggle since the early days and took part in the 1948 Arab - Israeli war when Palestinians were expelled or fled their homeland through fear .
Davenport said she felt she lost some of that energy in the autumn .
On Monday Alliot - Marie said she had been told by wounded survivors that " the Ivorian plane flew twice over the building and fired on the third pass . "
The first official bulletin about his health , issued after he was admitted to the Percy military hospital outside Paris , ruled out leukaemia but referred to a low level of blood platelets and " certain anomalies in his digestive functions . "
However , the Italian prime minister had an often tense relationship with Arafat , whom he refused to meet during a visit to the Middle East in June 2003 when he declared himself to be " Israel 's best friend in Europe " .
The military operation to regain control of Fallujah has ended and there are just " malignant " pockets of resistance left to clear up , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
The Indian delegation head , National Security Council Secretariat Joint Secretary Arvind Gupta , said that " securing cyberspace will remain one of the biggest challenges facing the international community for years to come . "
After growing up in the splendour of various royal palaces , Harry will have a spartan bedroom at Sandhurst containing just a single bed , a sink and a wardrobe .
More than two - thirds of Fallujah 's estimated population of 300,000 fled the city before the start of fighting , with many camped in the tourist village and airport in Habaniyah to the west or staying with friends or family in Baghdad .
A week of coordinated international protests against the barrier , which the Israeli government says is to protect the country against suicide bomb attacks , was first organized in several countries last year .
" This time people were injured and the damage is considerable , " the source said , recalling that no French national had been injured during the violence that erupted in January 2003 after the Marcoussis peace accord was signed .
550 words movedover demands Tehran suspend some of its nuclear activities fail to reach a conclusion but will continue Friday , a source close to the talks tells AFP .
Pakistan have been strengthened by the return of fast bowling spearheads Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami , who missed the second and final home Test against Sri Lanka earlier this month due to injuries .
Most of the victims died of suffocation after hundreds of men were arrested , tied up and piled into the backs of trucks .
At least seven people were killed when a car bomb exploded in the middle of a traffic jam at the cross roads of a shopping street in Baghdad on Thursday , police and medics said .
Coles Myer shares were up nine cents or 0.9 percent at 9.85 dollars in early afternoon trading on a rising overall market .
Gbagbo supporters clashed with French troops in Abidjan on Tuesday , leaving seven dead and taking the death toll from the week of unrest to 145 , according to a toll compiled by AFP .
A number of Taiwan 's air force jets were scrambled after Chinese warplanes passed the hypothetical middle line of the strait , the 150-kilometer ( 95-mile ) wide waterway separating the two rivals , the report said .
After months of waiting , Karl Lagerfeld fans will starting Friday be able to buy clothes from his fashion line made especially for mass - market retailer Hennes and Mauritz ( H and M ) at stores across Europe and North America .
Cotonsport Garoua of Cameroon must avoid defeat against Hearts of Oak from Ghana in Accra Sunday to win Group B while Sable Batie of Cameroon and Santos of South Africa play for pride in Douala .
On July 28 , 2003 the UN Security Council voted to impose an embargo on the supply of arms and military assistance to all armed groups operating in eastern DRC .
They had a reprieve when the already booked Ricardo Gardener was lucky to avoid a second yellow card after a wild challenge in the 31st minute .
Parliamentary speaker Rawhi Fattuh , who on Thursday was sworn in as acting head of the Palestinian Authority following Yasser Arafat 's death , is a minor politician seen as too marginal to stamp his mark on a turbulent post - Arafat era .
This year 's subsidy spending is expected to rise to 59.17 trillion rupiah compared to 14.52 trillion seen at the start of the year , as a result of the sharp spike in global oil prices .
" Our second quarter has commenced in line with expectations as we begin the important run up to Christmas , " added Murdoch , son of media baron and BSkyB chairman Rupert Murdoch .
Pictures Iraq - US - Fallujah,2ndlead FALLUJAH , Iraq US forces say they aim to control all of Fallujah by Saturday despite fierce fighting that has cost them 18 lives and rages into the night as rebels cling to their stronghold .
His body was expected to be flown in from France later Thursday , to be followed by a brief ceremony , the exact schedule of which remained to be announced by the Egyptian authorities .
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , who was reported Saturday to have fled the rebel stronghold of Fallujah , has topped a US wanted list since Saddam Hussein 's capture but proved elusive despite a huge reward and relentless military pressure .
Up to 3,000 people marched through the streets of Gaza City after nightfall on Thursday to the Muntada , firing into the air , wearing Arafat 's trademark black and white headdress and carrying his portraits .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to fly to Washington Thursday for talks with President George W. Bush under more pressure than ever to reap rewards for his support of the unpopular US - led war in Iraq .
The Singapore market , which reopened Friday after a public holiday Thursday , will be closed again on Monday for the Hari Raya Muslim holiday .
Bigley , an engineer , was abducted in Baghdad on September 16 along with two US colleagues who were beheaded as well .
" We are suffering a decrease of at least 40 percent in fish prices fetched this year on the European markets , " he said .
The world 's top cocoa producer , Ivory Coast has been divided since a September 2002 uprising by rebels trying to unseat President Laurent Gbagbo .
Santana dominated the final four months of the season after losing four starts in a row from May 18 through June 3 .
They appeared in court last month , pleading not guilty to charges of treason and conspiring to overthrow the government .
Larry Donald dominated Evander Holyfield to post a 12-round unanimous decision over the former heavyweight world champion Friday in a non - title bout .
Harry , 20 , will be up at dawn and in bed before an 11.59 pm curfew every night , the head of Sandhurst , Major General Andrew Ritchie , told reporters being escorted around the academy .
ASEAN - Singapore - Thailand - summit SINGAPORE : Singapore and Thailand will renew their call on ASEAN to accelerate its move toward a European Union - style single market earlier than 2020 during a leaders ' summit in Laos this month , press reports said .
Portraits of Arafat and Hamas founder and chief Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , assassinated by Israel in March , are pinned to barbed wire around the camp .
But while Abidjan was returning to calm , the rest of the country of 17hursday blasted the Ivory Coast government for its failure to rein in militias committing religious and ethnically based crimes nationwide .
The grand mufti of Jerusalem , Sheikh Ekrima Sabri , said Arafat had to die naturally , telling reporters : " Even if it takes days , weeks or months , it does n't matter .
The bank 's decision to keep rates on hold in September and October had prompted complaints from officials , including Finance and Economy Minister Lee Hun - Jai who suggested that it should cut interest rates during a slump .
Chirac , who came and went by a hospital side entrance , said he extended his " sincerest condolences " to Suha during his 25-minute visit , and adressed " a message of friendship and solidarity to the Palestinian people " .
The Chinese government has issued new rules aimed at protecting workers , including ordering employers to pay owed wages and encouraging people to report labor rights violations , state media said Thursday .
Batasuna spokesman Arnaldo Otegi is to outline the party 's new position in the northern town of San Sebastian on Sunday , and has already signalled that hardline Basque nationalists are ready to lay down their arms .
" Investors , unenthusiastic at the surprise rate cut yesterday , jumped on the bandwagon today as US technology stocks rose sharply , " SK Securities analyst Lee Ji - hoon said .
ived in Iceland Friday with his squadron on training exercises , Ritzau news agency said .
Portsmouth boss Harry Redknapp cancelled Christmas for his team after a 3 - 0 defeat in the corresponding fixture last December and opted for a more defensive formation by bringing in Gary O'Neill for Ricardo Fuller .
The former security officer and other Abacha cronies are standing trial in several courts for a series of state - sponsored murders during the 1993 - 98 regime of Abacha , who died suddenly in June 1998 .
Only one candidate was elected in the first round , Pilsen Mayor Jiri Sneberger of the ODS after winning more than 50 percent of the vote .
" Last Saturday in Bouake , Africa lost a pioneering scientist whose work will have lasting impact on hundreds of thousands of African farmers , " said a statement released at the institute 's headquarters in Ibadan , Nigeria .
Juventus coach Fabio Capello said his team were lucky to snatch a 1 - 0 win over Fiorentina on Wednesday , a victory which saw the Turin club extend their lead at the top of Serie A to six points .
Tokyo also announced Yoriko Kawaguchi , a special advisor to Koizumi and former foreign minister , would represent Japan at a funeral service for Arafat in Cairo on Friday .
France 's top diplomat Michel Barnier arrived on Thursday night .
Bangladesh - India ) HANOI : Security concerns threaten to disrupt Laos ' turn in the international spotlight when Southeast Asian leaders gather in Vientiane for their annual summit later this month . (
The passing of the symbol of the Palestinian people 's cause , who for four decades led his people 's struggle for an independent state , threw the Middle East into a new phase of uncertainty and upheaval .
" We made a strong protest and demanded an apology , " Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura said after meeting Chinese embassy number two Cheng Yonghua , who was summoned because the ambassador was out of Tokyo .
Morientes had a very successful year - long loan spell at Monaco last season but has dropped to fourth in the pecking order since his summer return to the Spanish giants with the improved form of England striker Michael Owen .
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Brazil Thursday for the start of a key Latin American tour that will include a major international summit .
A peace deal was signed in Marcoussis , France in January 2003 to bring the rebel leaders into a unity government , and a ceasefire was reached in May that year .
The militant Al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades urged militants to attack Israel to avenge the " Zionist assassination " of Yasser Arafat , who died hours earlier in a Paris hospital , said a statement received by AFP on Thursday .
On the London Bullion Market , the price of an ounce of gold stood at 433.10 dollars against 433.40 late on Wednesday .
" We are clearing buildings and the old city of Jolan is the scene of house - to - house fights , " Batty said of a neighbourhood that marines had claimed to have taken on Tuesday .
Among the militants , " the number of killed has risen to more than 1,000 and we have arrested more than 200 so far , " Qassem Daoud told a news conference in Baghdad , referring to the offensive launched on Monday evening .
One earthquake measuring 6.7 on the Richter scale shook the island midnight Monday followed by a second measuring 5.5 late Wednesday .
As night descended on Mosul the sound of explosions and gunfire echoed through the centre .
The comments appear to be aimed at turning up the heat on employees at a time when the carrier is holding delicate wage talk with 3,300 pilots .
Cheney , 64 , underwent angioplasty in November 2000 after suffering his fourth heart attack since 1978 .
Spurs clawed their way back into the game after just a minute .
But the two - year crisis has taken a heavy toll on the nation of 15 million people and also wreaked havoc on the international cocoa market , pushing prices to highs not seen since the middle of last year .
" The body of Iris Chang was found near Highway 17 , south of Los Gatos yesterday , " a Santa Clara Country coroner 's office official told AFP on condition of anonymity .
His group said about 15,000 South Koreans eat fast food three times a day and 300,000 people once a day .
Estonian Markko Martin retired from Rally Australia here Friday after engineers failed to repair his engine in time , becoming the second major withdrawal of the event .
Mathew Sinclair was the only New Zealand batsman to offer promise ahead of next week 's Test against Australia with a stylish 88 in the opening tour cricket match against New South Wales here on Thursday .
Shalom is due to meet Secretary of State Colin Powell , probably on Monday , the Israeli foreign ministry said .
In August the WTO allowed the countries to levy retaliatory sanctions equivalent to 72 percent of the Byrd repayments made to US industry .
A Dutch tourist was shot dead and her husband wounded as they returned from a visit to an archeological site aboard a boat on the Pasion River , authorities said Wednesday .
The nine soldiers were killed Saturday when Ivorian jets attacked a peacekeepers ' encampment .
June 1982 - Israel invades Lebanon , besieging Beirut and PLO headquarters there for some 80 days .
Bosnian Croat war crimes suspect Miroslav Bralo has been transferred to The Hague to face charges of rape and torture before the United Nations war crimes tribunal , NATO officials said Saturday .
Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo on Saturday appointed Colonel Philipe Mangou to be the troubled country 's new chief of staff , an official statement said .
But the Parkhead side have not been firing on all cylinders in recent weeks and the air of invincibility which previously surrounded them , in domestic affairs anyway , is beginning to diminish .
They have to continue with their struggle until they achieve their objective , " he was quoted as saying by Bernama news agency after signing a condolence book at the Palestinian embassy here .
Pfizer on Wednesday dismissed a report on the safety of its pain reliever Bextra , but the new controversy weighed on the stock price of the US pharmaceutical giant .
And he stressed they will need to shake off their slumbers at McDiarmid Park on Saturday , or risk being left red - faced by the Cherry Blossoms .
In an implicit knock at critics , Ashcroft , a conservative Christian , wrote in his resignation letter that " Americans have been spared the violence and savagery of terrorist attack on our soil since September 11 , 2001 . "
Diminutive US diva Liza Minnelli repeatedly beat her former chauffeur and bodyguard , spat on him and forced him to have sex with her , he claimed in a lawsuit seen here Thursday .
Lai said he expects the market will test 14,000 points next week " but when it reaches that , we will probably see profit - taking . "
The flights were set to continue over the next few days and other European nationals could also be evacuated on the German plane , a spokesman said .
After the two leaders spoke , State Department officials said the United States was looking at a new round of diplomacy , including a Middle East trip by Secretary of State Colin Powell , to revive the peace process .
Pakistan last played in India in 1999 before political tensions between the South Asian neighbours halted their cricket rivaly .
Police sources said Chang apparently died of a self - inflicted gunshot wound after driving herself to an isolated spot near the small town .
Prop Allan Jacobsen did the initial damage before Chris Cusiter acted as the link for Ally Hogg to gallop to the target from 20 metres .
Tensions arose from a dispute over the outcome of an election to choose a president for Abkhazia , which has had de facto independence from Georgia for over a decade .
Sultan Qaboos bin Said has been the head of state in Oman ever since 1970 after a bloodless coup against his father .
French consumer prices rose 0.3 percent in October from the previous month and 2.1 percent on an annual basis , figures released Friday by the national statistics institute INSEE showed .
Marco Melandri will ride for the Honda MotoGP team next season after parting company with Yamaha , the Italian rider said Wednesday .
The Reds looked to be heading for a frustrating draw after Joonas Kolkka and Michael Hughes cancelled out two early strikes from Baros .
" A mortar landed inside the compound earlier today , injuring a soldier , " a defence ministry spokesman told AFP . "
Arafat slipped into a coma a week ago amid reports from some French medical sources that he was brain dead and on life support machines .
And as the Japan markers began to toil , Paterson was back in the spotlight to bag the third touchdown - the conversion taking him above Andy Irvine into second place in the all - time list of Scots points scorers .
Though they have still to name a successor to former manager John Robertson after his move to Hearts , the Highland side have an impressive recent history against the Glasgow giants .
With Russia 's ratification this month of the Kyoto Protocol , the UN pact on climate change will finally come into force and attention will turn towards China , the second biggest emitter in the world , they said .
Arafat , the embodiment of Palestinian aspirations for statehood for four decades , had been critically ill in a Paris hospital since being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
The first 100,000 " story of Tongdaeng " comic books went on sale nationwide Friday with a second run of 100,000 editions still on the printing press , said the publisher .
Mijailovic , who remained tight - lipped through the two previous trials , on Wednesday again refused to answer questions in court .
Defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan began defense of their ATP Masters Cup doubles crown here Saturday by beating Argentina 's Gaston Etlis and Martin Rodriguez 6 - 3 , 7 - 6 ( 7/4 ) .
" We did n't respond to the pressure ... and our fundamentals under pressure were not up to scratch tonight . "
The body of Arafat , who died in a French military hospital in the early hours of Thursday , was expected to be flown into the Muqataa headquarters in the early afternoon after an official funeral in Cairo .
Following is the full text of a statement released Wednesday by the Federal Reserve : The Federal Open Market Committee decided today to raise its target for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to 2 percent .
On the London Bullion Market , the price of an ounce of gold stood at 433.40 dollars against 433.35 late on Tuesday .
It was not clear whether the boy was killed by the blast , which went off in a market in the South Waziristan town of Wana as the three - vehicle convoy passed , or in the shooting that broke out afterwards .
The agreement to resume imports of US oranges came at two - day trade talks which ended on Thursday after US officials promised to tighten quarantine checks , the foreign ministry said .
The former Irish priest , who had already made a name for himself when running onto the track at silverstone during last year 's British Grand Prix , wrote to his victim this week suggesting they meet .
Volkswagen , Europe 's biggest car maker , is set to announce later this week a further reduction in investment in face of falling sales and earnings , a source close to the matter revealed on Thursday .
Thursday 's assault took place as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh issued instruction for a reduction of troops deployed in Kashmir , India 's only Muslim - majority state .
" Seven years ago , when I was the victim of a similar poisoning operation , the doctors were unable to find any proof in my blood .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's office said the ceremony would be held in Cairo Friday .
According to World Bank figures released this week , Indonesia is one of the worst countries in Asia for bureaucratic delays for foreign businesses , comparing poorly to the 30 - 50 day average for investment approvals elsewhere .
Israeli Justice Minister Tommy Lapid on Tuesday welcomed the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , telling military radio that it was " good that the world is rid of him " .
In Libya , Kadhafi on September 1 marked 35 years since he seized power , deposing the elderly King Idriss .
British telephone provider BT Group on Thursday reported a four - percent rise in second - quarter profit as demand for its broadband services offset a slump in its traditional fixed - line business .
Cairo is now helping Palestinians to prepare the unilateral withdrawal of Israeli forces and settlers from the Gaza Strip due to take place in 2005 , notably by training Palestinian police officers .
Afghanistan - UN - hostages KABUL : As Afghanistan 's hostage crisis dragged into its fifteenth day , the government said it was pulling out all the stops to get the three foreign UN workers released unharmed by Islamic militants holding them .
Figures released on Thursday showed that the RFU made a profit of 13.5 million pounds ( 24.9 m dollars ) in the year to June , 4.9 million lower than a year earlier , on turnover of 71.3 million pounds , down from 72.4 million .
Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for revealing the country 's nuclear program , was re - arrested here Thursday , police said .
The military operation to regain control of Fallujah has ended and there are just " malignant " pockets of resistance left to clear up , with more than 1,000 rebels killed , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
" Another group has been transferred during the day from Abidjan to Accra , " the capital of neighbouring Ghana , Belloni said .
Our meeting lasted nearly an hour , " the Palestinian leader recalled later .
The UN Security Council opted to delay a vote on possible sanctions against Ivory Coast until Monday after African calls to give mediators more time to ease the country 's political crisis .
Thirteen people were killed and six injured Thursday when a bus collided with a passenger van in southern Pakistan , police said .
It was not immediately clear how the Security Council would determine whether the parties have implemented the necessary terms to avoid the sanctions automatically coming into force on December 10 .
Australian superstar Ian Thorpe has called swimming rival Michael Phelps an idiot after the young American was arrested this week for drink driving .
The sale of modern and contemporary art organized each fall by Christie 's and Sotheby 's closes Thursday .
China 's consumer price index ( CPI ) rose by 4.3 percent year - on - year in October , 0.9 percentage points lower than the figure for September , the National Bureau of Statistics said Friday .
At Test level you do n't get 20 together for ten games this year and we won seven of them , which is a pretty good percentage in international rugby .
Arafat died early Thursday at age 75 in a French military hospital outside Paris , where he had been in a coma since the middle of last week .
During their brief encounter at the APEC summit in Bangkok last year , Lee was blanked by Hu when he congratulated him on China 's manned space flight .
Former security minister Mohammed Dahlan said Thursday that the time had come to democratise the Palestinian political system that had been dominated for decades by Yasser Arafat .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the spearhead of an ultimately failed four - decade struggle for statehood , died on Thursday at the age of 75 , plunging the Middle East into a new era of uncertainty .
Kuznetsova finished her three round - robin matches with a 1 - 2 record , while Russian Vera Zvonareva , who lost to Sharapova earlier Friday , was winless in her three matches .
Iraq 's Prime Minister Iyad Allawi expressed sadness on Thursday at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat but hoped that his work to secure independence for the Palestinian people would continue .
But the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) said the tests were experimental and small - scale , and that South Korea had cooperated with the agency in investigating the matter , in a report released Thursday .
US stocks ended little - changed Wednesday as markets digested a widely anticipated rate hike by the Federal Reserve and a statement suggesting more increases are on the way .
Another policeman , Michael Mataheru , said at least 100 people were hospitalised for serious and minor injuries as aftershocks continued .
Hours before Arafat 's death , Kuwait 's Information Minister Mohammad Abulhassan and several lawmakers recalled Arafat 's support for Saddam and branded him a " traitor . "
Indian troops in revolt - hit Indian Kashmir have killed seven suspected Islamic militant in counter - insurgency operations , police said Thursday .
The death toll from an explosion at a coal mine in central China rose to 33 with six injured Friday as authorities announced plans for a nationwide inspection drive in a bid to improve safety standards .
Seniloli had been sentenced in August for swearing in a rebel government during the May 2000 coup which bought down the government of the Pacific nation 's first ethnic Indian prime minister , Mahendra Chaudhry .
A group of 11 Portuguese nationals was evacuated Wednesday from Ivory Coast aboard a Spanish military aircraft which flew out of the violence - wracked country , the foreign ministry said here .
North Korea boycotted the most recent set of six - nation negotiations scheduled for September , following three inconclusive earlier rounds , and was widely seen to be waiting for the outcome of the US presidential election .
" The ANT ( parliament ) has just approved by 196 votes for and two abstentions Frederic Ngenzebuhoro , " ANT president Jean Minani said after the vote .
He was given a straight red card before Thomas Gravesen added insult to injury by slotting home the resulting penalty on 69 minutes .
A kidnapped man from Nepal freed by Iraqi militants earlier this month after being held hostage said Saturday he would return to the Middle East but not to strife - torn Iraq .
" Today more Iraqi armed units will be arriving to Mosul .
Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf last month publicly outlined a formula to resolve the Kashmir dispute .
The move comes a few days before Israel again reoccupies areas in the West Bank .
China Thursday said it knew nothing about a submarine that entered Japanese waters near a disputed gas field and that has sparked a high seas chase .
Under the newer standard , inflation in October rose to 7.7 percent with the year - to - date figure at 5.4 percent .
Brothers Mike and Bob Bryan were named as a doubles duo for the American squad , which seeks a 32nd Davis Cup title in the final December 3 - 5 on clay at Seville .
The euro fell further from recent record highs above the symbolic 1.30-dollar level Thursday as markets weighed prospects of central bank intervention on the foreign exchange market to slow the single currency 's rise .
Some 4,000 people joined a silent march Wednesday in the southern Dutch town of Uden to protest against a fire that destroyed an Islamic primary school there , the Dutch ANP news agency said .
A top UN official warned Thursday Afghanistan 's parliamentary elections next year will be more complicated and fraught with security concerns than the successful presidential ballot in October .
The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny two weeks ago was ongoing .
650 words moved by Lachlan Carmichael -- ARAFAT -- US - Arafat - Bush - Mideast,4thlead WASHINGTON President George W. Bush says that establishing a new Palestinian leadership after the death of Yasser Arafat would improve chances for peace in the Middle East .
Palace equalised in the 53rd minute when Ben Watson swept the ball wide to Kolkka and the Finn crossed superbly to the centre of the goal where Michael Hughes headed home .
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe Thursday expressed " shock and sorrow " at the death of Yasser Arafat , referring to him as a " towering figure of all the oppressed people of the world " .
Hartson played the ball out wide to Aiden McGeady who took a touch before flighting a perfect ball across goal for Sutton who gave Caley keeper Mark Brown no chance with a powerful header from six - yards .
The three points saw Wolfsburg , only promoted to the Bundesliga in 1997 , open up a three - point lead at the summit as second - placed Schalke 04 slipped to a 3 - 1 reverse against Hertha Berlin .
The president of the Palestinian Authority , which only has observer status at the UN partly because it is not an internationally - recognised state , died at a hospital in Paris early on Thursday .
Australian police raided an Aboriginal newspaper Thursday after a complaint from Prime Minister John Howard 's office about leaked cabinet documents , police said Thursday .
Birmingham became a more potent force when manager Steve Bruce brought Stan Lazaridis on for Stephen Clemence after 61 minutes .
His comments were echoed by British Prime Minister Tony Blair who flew to Washington Thursday ahead of talks with Bush with the peace process at the top of agenda .
Washington on Friday urged The Netherlands to remain involved in Iraq , despite the withdrawal of its forces announced for March 15 .
550 words 2230 GMT We will also move : Forex - US US - economy - trade WASHINGTON The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government says , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .
Soe Win 's predecessor Khin Nyunt was abruptly sacked for corruption on October 17 and placed under house arrest .
It came just days after Prime Minister
The rabbi says he has no plans to attend Friday 's burial service in the West Bank town of Ramallah as he can not " violate the Jewish day of rest " which begins at sundown Friday .
International retirements and injuries mean just four of the team that started the World Cup final against Australia last year will line - up against Canada .
Police flew from Madras to Hyderabad late Thursday to arrest the leader , considered " one of the prime accused " in the killing in September , police said in a statement .
" It was important for us to get going again after our interruption .
Civilians hiding in the city , where US and Iraqi troops have clashed with rebels since Monday to take control , are dying of starvation and thirst and something must be done to help them , said a spokeswoman .
Allawi had announced Monday that 38 insurgents were killed and four foreign fighters , including two Moroccans , were captured as the US - led forces stormed the hospital .
The euro , which hit an all - time high of 1.3005 in New York Wednesday , dropped to 1.2876 dollars in Tokyo and fell to 137.72 yen from 138.10 yen in New York .
The first two satellites of the series were launched in 1999 and 2003 aboard Chinese - made Long March rockets .
Text slug : Mideast - Palestinian - Qorei - profile 45 x 110 mm Available now Sent earlier Thursday : ARAFAT LIFE Large - format graphic with map and portraits detailing the life of Yasser Arafat .
Real have not lost in their eight games since Beckham was sidelined following his crude challenge on Wales defender Ben Thatcher in a World Cup qualifier last month .
Yasser Arafat 's biggest mistake may have been to reject a peace deal brokered by the United States in 2000 , which would have given him much of what he had demanded for the Palestinians for four decades .
A 56-year - old US woman became the oldest American to give birth to twins Tuesday in New York , also going down in the history books as one of the oldest new mothers in the United States .
Scotland 's semi - autonomous government has agreed to ban smoking in enclosed public places under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnell said on Wednesday .
Later he will bestow the bronze medal of valor to six members of the Salvadoran Army 's Cuscatlan batallion who on March 5 saved the lives of several American troops in Najaf , 160 kilometers ( 100 miles ) south of Baghdad .
A Nigerian court on Thursday declared a planned general strike over fuel prices illegal , dramatically raising tensions less than a week before the nationwide protest is due to begin .
His trip would come just three months before an expected general election in Britain , which Blair hopes will give his Labour Party a third straight term in office , the Sunday Times and the News of the World said .
The Europeans " have told us to stop our nuclear programme and in return they will sell us commercial jets and trains " , Ali Akbar Nategh Nouri said in a speech carried on state radio ahead of Friday 's weekly prayers .
Two suspected Islamic extremists arrested this week are suspected of plotting to assassinate two Dutch lawmakers known for their critical stance towards Islam , the Dutch press reported on Saturday .
The French government announced Wednesday that 35 to 40 percent of the company would be publicly listed .
China has yet to confirm whether President Hu Jintao will meet Koizumi when the two leaders attend the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile later this month .
In recent days , rebel fighters have descended en - masse on Mosul , northern Iraq to attack US installations , and have emerged again further south in Samarra and elsewhere , forcing five towns to be put under curfew in as many days .
His death came almost 30 years to the day after he stood before the UN General Assembly , saying heany dailies gave over whole pages to condolences published by members of the public , officials , trade unions and companies .
Six occupants of a car were killed in a separate accident on the Lagos - Ibadan road also on Friday , the Tribune newspaper reported .
A family in the mountainous northern province of Akita received a call Thursday from a person who was weeping and claimed to be their teenage son , Kyodo News reported .
Dealers said a strong mid - morning earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale did not help confidence but appeared to have no impact as there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties .
The largely Christian hilltribe people continue to make the arduous trek through malaria - infested jungle to get to Cambodia 's northeastern Ratanakiri and Mondulkiri provinces , with 22 more brought to Phnom Penh Thursday .
" We have to continue to live together in the same country , " cautioned this week the mayor of Eindhoven , where a bomb exploded Monday at an Islamic school .
At the start of this year I was 89th and I will finish fourth .
A Buddhist teacher was shot dead in Thailand 's restive south Friday , police said , as reports emerged that security forces had fired directly on Muslims rioting at the seaside town of Tak Bai last month .
Anh set up a network in 1999 that until the time of his arrest in September 2002 sent 10 Vietnamese women to Malaysia with the promise of jobs .
" We are expecting around 50,000 people to be in Ramallah for the funeral this afternoon , " said a senior Palestinian interior ministry source .
There were big traffic jams in Srinagar , the largest city in India 's only Muslim - majority state , as vendors set up extra kiosks to cater to the shopping rush for Eid , which marks the end of holy fasting month of Ramadan .
Deputy speaker Hassan Khreisheh was also sworn in as acting speaker for a 60-day period .
The 15-member council delayed voting until Monday to give Mbeki more time to hammer out a deal between the government and its political opposition .
" Palestinians were invisible in 1968 , " recalled Nashashibi , who was born in Jerusalem and bounced between Israel and the United States before settling in Orange County , California .
If French troops , which have been mandated by the United Nations to help separate warring government and rebel sides , " leave today it would be eternal chaos " , Wade said on the sidelines of a debate about Africa .
Gest filed a separate suit against Minnelli last year , claiming he was badly injured by frequent alleged beatings by his wife , who he claimed had almost super - human strength during vodka - fuelled rages .
Blair faces intense domestic pressure to reap some benefits from his strong support for the unpopular US - led war in Iraq , and hinted before his departure that the Middle East was where he expected to find this .
" For nearly four decades , Yasser Arafat expressed and symbolised in his person the national aspirations of the Palestinian people , " Annan said in a speech to the assembly .
The bill was approved by cabinet in July but its text has only just been made public .
Official trading ended this week on Thursday as government has declared Friday a public holiday to mark Eid - El Fitri ( end of Muslim fasting period ) .
A poll conducted last month showed that Arafat had been likely to secure certain re - election , with Barghuti the second choice .
Hopefully his dreams for a free Palestine will be achieved someday , " spokesman Andi Malaranggeng told AFP .
Burundi 's transitional parliament on Thursday approved deputy parliamentary speaker Frederic Ngenzebuhoro as deputy president .
The European Union Thursday hailed Yasser Arafat as an historic leader and said the EU would after his death continue to push for a peaceful and long - lasting settlement of the Middle East conflict .
Tandja was elected in a second round vote in 1999 , with 60 percent of the vote .
It clarifies , however , a comment from May when Bush said the 2005 date was premature given circumstances on the ground .
The Jordanian army and the fedayeen fought a fierce battle on September 17 , in a confrontation which went down in history as Black September , leaving anywhere between 3,000 and 20,000 dead .
Netherlands - attacks THE HAGUE : Dutch police arrested two people here as they ended a 14-hour siege on an apartment where suspected extremists had been holed up since early Wednesday .
Traders are nervously watching preparations for the November 16 general strike , amid concerns that disruption in Nigeria could reheat the world market after two weeks during which prices tumbled 14 percent from record highs .
Former Sri Lankan Test coach Bruce Yardley said Friday he felt vindicated by the International Cricket Conference 's ( ICC ) proposed changes to cricket 's chucking law .
Doctors at the nearby Kindi hospital said they received four dead and 21 wounded of whom one died later .
Ryder Cup star Darren Clarke of Northern Ireland hit a six - under - par 66 to share the lead with Japan 's Ryoken Kawagishi after the first round of the Taiheiyo Masters golf tournament on Thursday .
The departure of the fourth contingent came amid talks over the extension of Japan 's humanitarian mission , which is set to expire on December 14 under current law .
The funeral will be held in Cairo and the burial will then be held in Ramallah on Friday , " Tayeb Abdelrahim told AFP .
The debate has switched to whether Greenspan and his colleagues will do so again at a meeting December 14 .
Women awkwardly protecting hands and wrists wet with henna motifs are a common sight in Pakistan 's markets during the week before Eid , their numbers steadily growing as the religious holiday draws closer .
Mubarak declared a three - day mourning period following the 75-year - old leader 's death in France on Thursday , with some world leaders expected to attend his funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .
For a short time , masked gunmen from the Al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades -- the armed offshoot of Fatah -- marched at the head of the cortege , firing shots in the air .
At an Arab summit in Cairo in January 1964 , Nasser arranged for the chairmanship of the newly - founded Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) to go to Ahmed Shukeiri rather than Arafat .
Fighting suddenly resumed last week when government troops bombarded rebel - held cities in the north .
Now we have a couple of weeks when we only play at the weekends and that will help .
In its annual review of Estonia 's economy , the IMF said the Baltic country 's per capita GDP has almost doubled since 1993 and reached around 45 percent of the EU average in 2003 .
Japan 's former prime minister Ryutaro Hashimoto , who frequently visits China , met Thursday with Chinese leaders and told them the submarine incident was " regrettable " , without assigning blame .
Ivory Coast has been split into two armed camps since September 2002 when northern soldiers rebelled against Gbagbo 's rule .
Supporters of Sergei Bagapsh , the contested winner of last month 's presidential poll in Abkhazia , had Friday stormed the regional administration building occupied by his pro - Moscow rival .
Seven Africans seeking to enter the Canary Islands clandestinely are missing after their boat sank about 300 metres ( yards ) off the coast of the island of Fuerteventura , Spanish rescue services said Saturday .
Mideast - Arafat RAMALLAH , West Bank : Palestinians began preparing for an election before January 9 to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat as prayers were said at the graveside of the leader who spearheaded their fight for an independent homeland .
Evacuations continued Thursday from Ivory Coast amid a flurry of diplomacy sending opposition leaders to South Africa , where President Thabo Mbeki was crafting a political solution to the crisis to beat a deadline set by the UN Security Council .
Though he expected US - led forces to capture Fallujah , Cook said the tactical victory would not achieve the US and British goals of ensuring the security for democratic elections planned in January .
Jose Mourinho 's side were briefly knocked off the top following Arsenal 's pulsating 5 - 4 win at bitter rivals Tottenham earlier in the day .
He would likely serve as a interim administrator for 60 days , after which new elections must be held .
Representatives of the shadowy Jaishul Muslimeeen group which claims to be behind the October 28 abductions have held several rounds of talks with officials at a secret location in southern Afghanistan since last weekend .
Egyptian investigators released a preliminary factual report Thursday on the crash of a Flash Airlines aircraft that left 148 dead in January , but made no statement on the cause of the tragedy .
Ivory Coast , split into rebel and government areas since a September 2002 coup tried to oust President Laurent Gbagbo , has been plunged deeper into crisis since government air strikes on rebel positions last week .
In Washington , US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair , who went to war last year to oust Saddam Hussein , said the renewed violence was due to the approach of elections planned for January .
But the experienced right - hander showed the rashness in his 13-ball knock that has seen him fall out of favour with national selectors this year .
Hong Kong 's base interest rate has been raised to 3.5 percent from 3.25 percent following a rate hike in the United States , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority ( HKMA ) said on Thursday .
Money already earmarked for Kenya from an earlier round of funding is expected to provide anti - retroviral therapy to 4,000 people in the first two years and fund the training of 1,800 health workers .
Arafat -- a symbol of the Palestinian people 's struggle for statehood over the past four decades -- was declared dead early Thursday after nearly two weeks of treatment at the Percy military hospital on the outskirts of Paris .
In February 1969 , he was elected chairman of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) and walked on to the world stage in his trademark chequered keffiyeh headdress and green fatigues .
Emerging out of toilet bowls , wrapping themselves around altars in high - rise apartments and feasaid Chong , who has been catching snakes for more than 20 years .
Turkey gave no official response Saturday on a call for fence - mending talks with Cyprus , whose Greek government it does not recognize , but senior diplomats in Ankara said the proposal was not to be taken seriously .
The French army 's top doctor , Christian Estripeau , read a short statement to journalists saying : " Mr. Yasser Arafat , president of the Palestinian Authority , has died at Percy military hospital at Clamart on November 11 at 3:30 am ( 0230 GMT ) . "
" We investigated and in the garden we found this python sleeping after a good meal .
Marriage in Italy , a staunchly Roman Catholic country and home to Pope John Paul II is slipping more and more out of fashion , with new data published on Wednesday showing a sharp fall in the number of weddings .
Young tested positive for human recombinant Erythropoietin ( r - EPO ) , a blood - boosting agent banned by the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) , at the Gaz de France in Paris on July 23 , 2004 , USADA confirmed .
Their 13th game without a win from the start of the season equalled the second worst record since the Premiership 's inception , shared with Derby 's poor start to the 2000/01 season in which they were relegated .
" His demise is a great loss to humankind , " Khaleda Zia said in a message to parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh who is to serve as caretaker leader of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days before fresh elections .
Bush spoke to reporters after a White House meeting with NATO secretary general Jaap de Hoop Scheffer .
Doubles play begins this weekend at the season - ending showdown of the year 's eight top teams .
Yuvraj and Ganguly then repaired the damage with sensible batting as India plundered 105 in the last 11 overs to set a stiff target .
New Zealand 's south island town of Nelson was Thursday confirmed as the venue for the Canterbury Crusaders ' round three Super 12 game against Queensland Reds on March 12 , the Crusaders said .
New York 's benchmark light sweet crude contract for delivery in December was up 28 cents at 47.65 dollars a barrel by early afternoon .
A Pakistani man accused of people smuggling was in Australian police custody Friday after being extradited from Thailand .
The win over Nantes put Paul Le Guen 's highflyers on 32 points , four clear of nearest rivals Lille who can cut the deficit to one point if they beat Monaco on Sunday .
Croatia has banned a Partizan Belgrade basketball team player to enter the country due to his tatoo of a former ultra - nationalist Serb leader saying it incited national hatred , an official said Saturday .
Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom on Thursday categorically ruled out any role for jailed West Bank Fatah leader Marwan Barghuti in the Palestinian leadership following the death of Yasser Arafat .
Hyundai Engineering and Construction rose 250 to 16,400 after it secured a 125.5 million dollar construction order from Lybia .
Baros opened the scoring from the spot after 23 minutes .
" Citizens in the new member states are already familiar with the euro , " it said , noting that on average 50 percent of those countries ' citizens have used them , rising to 79 percent in Slovenia .
But I read that the Scotland interim manager Tommy Burns is intending to play him on Wednesday night against Sweden and I thought this was an opportunity to rest him .
They predict a record crowd of 70,000 this year at Sexpo , which runs until Sunday .
The US State Department said on Friday that Powell was " looking at the possibility of travelling to Israel and the Palestinian areas " but gave no details .
The ITER budget is projected to be 10 billion euros ( 13 billion dollars ) over the next 30 years , including 4.7 billion euros to build the reactor .
After several hours of tense talks , Dmitry Kozak , the presidential envoy to southern Russia , prevailed on relatives of the murdered men to end their sit - in of the regional administration building in the capital of Karachayevo - Cherkessia .
We 're excited and we want to beat Australia at the weekend , " said Bradford boss Noble .
Blair and Bush hope to take advantage of a " new era " following the death of Yasser Arafat and send a clear signal to relaunch the Middle East peace process , the prime minister 's official spokesman said on Thursday .
The organisation has in the past announced a dozen ceasefires , including one which held for 15 months between 1998 and 1999 .
The Chinese leader will meet Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Argentine President Nestor Kirchner , both of whom visited China earlier this year .
On Thursday , Petersson said the prosecution had not expected Mijailovic to talk .
The remaining 26 will head to Madrid Thursday on another flight by a Spanish miliatry aircraft , he said .
Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim - populated nation , Thursday expressed sorrow over Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's death and said it hoped his passing would propel the Middle East towards peace .
In London , the Foreign Office issued instructions to British nationals here to assemble at designated points in the capital on Friday for evacuation " under the protection of British forces " .
Australian share prices closed unchanged Friday as investors moved to lock in profits from the market 's recent record - breaking run , dealers said .
Arafat , whose death was announced early Thursday , had been the leader of the PLO since 1969 .
Kawari told reporters he was in the kitchen at the branch office of his company , Saudi Arabia Trading and Contracting Co , in Baghdad when militants attacked in early November .
Ruben Olivera scored Juve 's winner 18 minutes from time , side - footing home from two yards out after Mauro Camoranesi had flicked on Pavel Nedved 's inswinging corner .
SATURDAY , NOVEMBER 13 -- Iraq 's national security advisor Qassem Daoud says the battle to retake the Sunni rebel bastion is over and the operation 's objectives achieved , but that Zarqawi has escaped from the city .
American Heather Daly - Donofrio had the low round for the second day in a row , firing an eight - under par 64 here Saturday to grab a three - stroke lead at the 800,000-dollar LPGA Tournament of Champions .
Iraq - US - Fallujah - aid BAGHDAD : A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis , after US troops apparently loosened a strict no - entry policy , a spokeswoman said .
Financial markets in Singapore are closed on Thursday for a public holiday .
The home side made 392 , after losing 254 for five on the last day .
Van Gogh , 47 , was shot and stabbed by a suspected Islamic radical on November 2 .
Australia , the 2003 champions who have brought a young side here , scored their first win when Hope Brown pounced on a defensive blunder in the second minute to give the Hockeyroos a 1 - 0 win over Olympic bronze medallists China .
Sixty - four people were killed and more than 1,000 wounded in several days of anti - French mob violence that swept through the main Ivory Coast city Abidjan , an adviser to the president said Wednesday .
Before his dramatic airlift to a French military hospital at the end of last month , Arafat had been kept a virtual prisonh , briefly marched at the head of the cortege , firing shots in the air , before dispersing .
Demszky resigned after he came under attack from opposition parties for seeking to fill two jobs simultaneously .
The Bulgarian attacker grabbed his second in the 76th minute to complete a miserable week for Stuttgart who crashed out of the German Cup to Bayern on Wednesday .
Other commodities that contributed to higher prices included steel products whose prices rose 18.0 percent from a year earlier , non - ferrous metals with a 16.0 percent increase and chemical products with a 6.1 percent rise .
When , in the early hours , the first sign of the Palestinian leader 's death came -- the appearance of five black saloon cars with a motorcycle escort -- 50-year - old Frenchman , Hassan , was keeping vigil .
The about - turn was made Wednesday at a cabinet meeting in the tiny Pacific nation .
Wolves were demolished 5 - 1 by Stuttgart at home last season but surged into a 42nd minute lead through Thomas Brdaric .
Graeme Morrison took the touchdown count into double figures with virtually his first touch after coming off the bench .
In October the US State Department said opponents of the Lao government may be plotting multiple bomb attacks in Vientiane and other areas of Laos to coincide with the November 25 - 30 ASEAN gathering .
A smaller jet carrying French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier took to the air from the same airport moments later also headed to Egypt .
However persistent unrest elsewhere in the country underlined the Herculean task for Prime Minister Iyad Allawi -- three of whose relatives were taken hostage this week -- in preparing Iraq for elections in January .
South African skipper Graeme Smith Friday warned India not to take his team lightly during their upcoming two - Test series .
The turning point in relations between Moscow and the PLO came in August 1990 , when the Soviet Union allied itself with the United States in condemning the Iraqi invasion of neighboring Kuwait .
The pair were dismissed from their positions in August and expelled from the ruling Communist Party last week .
Bulldozers , dump trucks and a mechanical digger were being used on Thursday to clear away debris at the vast Muqataa compound ahead of Friday 's burial .
" Through the years , Arafat has represented the cause of the Palestinian people .
" Too many people smoke , and too many people die or fall ill from cancer , stroke and heart disease , " McConnell told Scotland 's parliament after a unanimous vote of the country 's ruling executive in Edinburgh .
Information and Communication Minister Chin Dae - Je expressed scepticism Thursday over Citigroup 's bid for Korea Thrunet , the country 's third - largest broadband Internet provider , reports said .
The Cherry Blossoms were wilting by the second and Andy Henderson claimed the next try off a ruck turnover to bring up the half century of points .
The deal was unanimously approved by SCH 's shareholders last month .
Later , 1.3 million poppy petals -- one for every British and Commonwealth soldier killed in action since the beginning of WWI -- were to be dropped over the river Thames .
On Tuesday , a Turkish tanker driver was also killed at dawn and his vehicle set alight on the road from Mosul , northern Iraq , to Baiji .
The prison guards only noticed Monday that prisoners were disappearing over the course of the day , slinking their way towards the sewer mouth conveniently located in the prison yard .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the embodiment of Palestinian aspirations for statehood for four decades , died Thursday at the age of 75 .
A Turkish truck driver was also killed and his vehicle set alight by unidentified gunmen in northern Iraq , the fourth Turkish truck driver killed in the country in as many days , police said .
Japan on Friday identified a submarine that intruded into its waters setting off a high - seas chase as Chinese , the Japanese defense chief said .
" By killing Arafat today , Israel has killed the peace process .
The last of their encounters at the Vatican took place in October 2001 , after Arafat had asked to see the pope to advise him of " the worrying situation " in the Palestinian Occupied territories .
I am supposed to go to Brussels tomorrow ( Sunday ) , " Mbeki told reporters ahead of talks on the Ivory Coast crisis with Blaise Compaore , president of Burkina Faso .
He admitted that Paris had not known that the journalists had been separated from their Syrian driver Mohammed al - Jondi , kidnapped with them on August 20 .
Petersen headed back to the airport a day ahead of schedule but had managed to meet with the island 's top Tamil Tiger supremo Velupillai Prabhakaran and President Chandrika Kumaratunga separately , the spokeswoman told AFP .
The man who lost the crown 20 months ago to Roy Jones but regained it by beating Rahman is coming off a dull 11th - round stoppage of compatriot Fres Oquendo last April .
For months after his house arrest , Palestinian officials in Moscow said that Arafat still had plans to visit Russia , seeing the Kremlin as a vital key in the Middle East peace process .
Yuvraj Singh slammed a quick - fire half - century as India posted a challenging 292 - 6 against Pakistan at the one - day international at the Eden Gardens here on Saturday .
" And then it will be even more critical for all of us within APEC to turn that rhetoric into action as we negotiate over the coming months in Geneva , " he said .
The movement has now threatened tougher action from Tuesday next week .
A top official with the 15-nation Caribbean Community on Wednesday said the United States has allocated 81 million dollars ( US ) to improve the region 's economic competitive edge and help fight the spread of HIV / AIDS .
But in last - minute talks before the vote , the council agreed to wait " in deference to the efforts of President ( Thabo ) Mbeki of South Africa , " who is trying to mediate a political solution , US ambassador John Danforth said .
An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked Taiwan on Thursday , causing high - rise buildings to sway , seismologists said .
" These actions can only be described as a coup d'etat , " Khajimba said on Russian television Saturday .
The 25-year - old has won five titles this year and has four more runner - up finishes - including an appearance in the final at Filderstadt in early October .
" We want the Palestinian leadership to declare clearly what it wants and not surprise us every now and then with some decisions or by accepting things that it did not accept before , " he said .
Since Andy Reid became coach of Philadlphia in 1999 , the Eagles are 12 - 1 in night games and 7 - 1 on Mondays .
The soldier was wounded in the assault but later died in hospital of his injuries , the military said in a brief statement .
The US and British leaders stressed that Palestinians must establish democratic institutions and insisted that elections must be held in two months to choose a replacement for Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority .
Shares in Repsol were higher in moderate morning trade , underpinned by expectations that analysts will raise their full - year forecasts after the company 's better - than - expected third quarter performance , dealers said .
In last year 's event , Han , shot a final - round 68 to force a sudden - death playoff , won by Delasin on the first hole .
The athletic shot - stopper has managed to regain his first - team place at Anfield after displacing Polish goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek .
Fears have been raised in Cambodia over the fate of the infamous former Khmer Rouge prison Tuol Sleng , with critics arguing Thursday that ongoing renovations may sanitise the site which is now a museum .
" Even during the three - year siege in Ramallah , he ordered his officials to come in his place " to honor the dead during the Eid festivities , which mark the end of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan , Noha explains .
But the military source in Paris later said that the " physical attacks " against women were the only ones committed against expatriates .
Taiwan 's worst tremor , measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale , struck in September 1999 , leaving some 2,400 people dead .
The Caucasian republic of Georgia protested angrily Saturday at what it saw as a veiled threat of action by its neighbour Russia over the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia , now virtually a Russian protectorate .
Thailand - south - unrest ) BEIJING : The government denies all knowledge of a submarine that sparked an alert after it entered Japanese waters , identified by Japanese media as belonging to China . (
Palestinian officials said Saturday that a presidential election would be held by January 9 in line with their mini - consitition following Arafat 's death on Thursday .
Leaders of Latin America , which has welcomed many in the Palestinian diaspora for decades , sent condolences Thursday to the Palestinian people after Yasser Arafat 's death .
" The situation in the south deteriorated last night as there were many attacks , " Thaksin said .
The accident occurred as the State Council , China 's cabinet , issued orders Thursday for a nationwide inspection of coal mines , vowing to crack down on unsafe mines and portraying a dismal situation in the industry , the China News Service reported .
President George W. Bush on Wednesday named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as the new attorney general in place of John Ashcroft who has resigned .
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies headed to Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis , despite having no permission to enter the Iraqi battle field , aid workers said .
The dollar dropped to 106.59 yen against 107.08 on Wednesday .
According to CNN television , Cheney has been suffering from a cold in recent days and was taken to George Washington University Hospital for tests .
Afridi removed well - set Venkatsai Laxman ( 43 ) and Virender Sehwag ( 53 ) before Yuvraj put on 74 for the fifth wicket with skipper Sourav Ganguly ( 48 ) in the day - night game , Pakistan 's first in India in five years .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be buried in his Ramallah headquarters in the West Bank but on soil from Jerusalem , local affairs minister Jamal Shubaki told AFP on Thursday .
The party was dissolved nearly a decade later , following the short - lived union of Syria and Egypt .
England 's Test life under the Robinsons truly gets underway here Saturday when new coach Andy takes charge for the first time and new captain Jason leads the team out at Twickenham against Canada .
Bagapsh , who was not supported by Moscow , was declared the surprise winner of the election , before the results were annulled by the region 's top court due to alleged voting fraud .
Five other church members were sentenced to between nine months and two years behind bars on the same charges during the one - day trial that was closed to diplomats and foreign reporters .
According to the prosecution , Beara was arrested by Serbia and Montenegro authorities last October and turned over to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) , a contradiction of Belgrade 's claim that he gave himself up voluntarily .
A French airforce Airbus aircraft was to leave the military airport of Villacoublay , on the capital 's outskirts , late afternoon with the remains of the 75-year - old Palestinian leader on board , the officials said .
Roddick is 14 - 3 in Cup singles since joining the team in 2001 and the 2003 US Open champion has not lost a set in six Davis Cup singles matches this year .
Thousands of expatriates from France , the United States , Canada , Australia and other European nations were to have left Ivory Coast by late Thursday .
A full - scale war there could affect other countries in the region and turn into a regional problem , " Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma said Wednesday .
Palestinian MPs marked the death of veteran leader Yasser Arafat Thursday with a one - minute silence at the start of a session to install a new acting head of the Palestinian Authority .
The key federal funds target rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , rose to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent , by unanimous vote of the Federal Open Market Committee .
In the first nine months of this year , nearly 11,500 would - be immigrants from north and sub - Saharan Africa were intercepted off the coasts of Spain , the interior ministry announced on October 4 .
I just hope I will have a winning score , " said Clarke , who helped Europe beat the US in the Ryder Cup in September .
However , upon former Israeli general 's electoral triumph in February 2001 that saw him become prime minister , Arafat still wrote him a letter to congratulate him and express the wish that 2001 would be a year of peace .
Milosevic said he first asked these politicians to be called as witnesses on February 20 , but proceedings were delayed because of his demand that he should be allowed to defend himself .
Immediately following the announcement early Thursday that the veteran Palestinian leader had died in a French hospital , the Israeli army began deploying reinforcements around towns and Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
The escapees were huddled together in the yard at the Abidjan detention and correction facility ( MACA ) while work to repair locks and bars broken in a mutiny last week was ongoing .
700 words moved by Jean - Louis Doublet -- ASIA -- Japan - submarine,2ndlead TOKYO Japan 's navy tracks a subaker Rawhi Fattuh who is to serve as caretaker leader of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days before fresh elections .
Vanunu is suspected of having communicated " secret information to foreigners " and of having violated the restrictions imposed on him by Israeli security services after his release from prison , police said .
The left - backed Congress party coalition government , headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , known as the father of India 's 13-year - old economic reforms , has already launched a series of reforms in such areas as insurance , aviation and telecommunications .
Australia - US - trade ) Australia 's biggest soft - drinks company , Coca - Cola Amatil Ltd , is expected to re - enter the food market with a 700 million dollars ( 532 million US ) takeover bid today for SPC Ardmona tinned fruit business . (
The troops are part of Japan 's fourth contingent to be sent to the southern Iraqi city of Samawa and will be joined by the remaining 300 troops in their mission by the end of the month .
Japan is determined to host a multibillion - dollar experimental nuclear reactor amid an intense contest with France and is ready to discuss ways to appease the losing side , an official said Thursday .
The dollar fell to 105.97 yen in Tokyo afternoon trade after rising earlier to 106.70 yen from 106.59 yen in New York late Thursday .
Indonesian share prices closed 0.70 percent higher Thursday taking the market to yet another record finish on heavy trade in second - line stocks , dealers said .
South African President Thabo Mbeki held talks with Gbagbo during a visit to Abidjan earlier this week at the request of the African Union , and on Thursday he met in Pretoria with Ivorian opposition leader Alassane Ouattara .
He had been in a coma since the middle of last week and had been placed on a life support machine but the exact cause of his death is still unknown .
Iranian officials handed their reply late Thursday on the proposed deal to the three countries and to Javier Solana , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , the French foreign ministry said .
The prime minister of Muslim - majority Bangladesh paid tribute to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Thursday , praising his " unwavering commitment in the face of oppression " , the official news agency BSS said .
The leading European tourism group , TUI , posted Thursday a third - quarter net profit of 607.7 million euros ( 782.5 million dollars ) , more than double its result in the same period a year earlier .
Bernard Fassier , a senior deputy of the top international enovy to Bosnia , Paddy Ashdown , said Monday that the Serbs ' acknowledgement of the scale of the massacre represented a " dramatic u - turn from ... denial , obfuscation and concealment " .
Year - on - year , core orders rose 5.0 percent .
Peterson , who in the weeks following his wife 's sudden disappearance spearheaded a highly public search for her , now faces a possible death sentence or at least 25 years to life in jail .
Violent scenes had accompanied Sunday 's game at the Parc des Princes with a group of PSG supporters attacking the Marseille team 's coach even before their teams ' showdown .
Two US helicopters were forced to make an emergency landing in Iraq on Thursday after taking small arms and rocket propelled grenade fire , a US military spokeswoman said , adding that there were no casualties .
Yasser Arafat , who died early Thursday at the age of 75 , came to symbolise the struggle for a Palestinian state over the course of the last four decades .
Earlier Wednesday the European Union 's executive commission warned that the outbreak in the Netherlands " could take place anywhere in Europe " and urged EU nations to take stock of the threat .
March 21 , 1968 - Some 400 PLO fighters , backed by Jordanian artillery , hold off an attack by the Israeli army on their base at Karameh , Jordan .
As of early November , more than 30 of those taken hostage were executed including high profile beheadings of a British engineer and two of his US colleagues and a Japanese tourist .
The resulting first Oslo agreement , signed in Washington in September 1993 , ushered in Palestinian autonomy in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho .
Five miners were killed in an underground explosion at a coal pit on Saturday in Iran 's northern Caspian Sea province of Mazandaran , state media reported .
No matter what happened , Gilson wrote to his mother every day in the fine copperplate that people had in those days .
An official funeral was to be held in Cairo Friday , followed by a burial in the Muqataa .
Lithuania , a former Soviet republic , joined the European Union this year .
The Italian economy grew 0.4 percent in the third quarter from the previous three - month period and 1.3 percent from the third quarter of 2003 , according to an estimation issued Friday by the national statistics institute ISTAT .
Princess Sayako , the only daughter of Japan 's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko , will marry a 39-year - old official working with Tokyo 's metropolitan government , press reports said Sunday .
Pakistan defeated India by six wickets in a day - night cricket match at the Eden Gardens here on Saturday .
" Arafat the man died today , but as a symbol for our struggle , he will live on forever , " said Mariam Shuuman , an 18-year - old student who was holding an all - night vigil outside the Muqataa when the news broke .
Doctors who examined the mental health of the man who killed Swedish foreign minister Anna Lindh last year testified on Thursday in the Supreme Court , as judges mull whether to sentence him to life behind bars or psychiatric care .
And in the nine months to September , the bank booked net profit of 360 million euros , compared with a loss of 411 million euros in the first nine months of 2003 .
Ceske Budejovice 7/12 Note : FC Slovacko ( formerly FC Synot ) will have 12 points deducted at the end of the 2004/05 season after being involved in corruption last season .
Kurdi , who was Arafat 's personal physician for more than 20 years , said he had been surprised by the actions of some members of the veteran leader 's office .
Singapore share prices closed 0.76 percent higher Friday on gains in blue chip stocks such as Singapore Telecommunications ( SingTel ) , dealers said .
" It 's the lesson we learned after 9/11 , " said the official who requested anonymity referring to the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . "
The son of poor farmers from the Ovambo tribe , he was elected SWAPO president in 1960 and launched the armed struggle against apartheid South Africa 's rule just six years later .
On - loan Senegalese international El Hadji Diof put the home side in front after 21 minutes .
Text slug : Mideast - Arafat - funeral - attend 130 mm wide Available by 1600 GMT FATTUH BIO Graphic profile with portrait of Palestinian parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh , who was sworn in Thursday as acting head of the Palestinian Authority .
" Throughout the course of his employment , ( Soumayah ) was hit and assaulted by Minnelli repeatedly , " the suit stated .
Rescue operations had finished early Friday , he said .
The airport was first closed earlier this week under a series of emergency measures introduced as US - led troops launched an offensive on the rebel - held city of Fallujah .
Trains are usually congested in India at this time of year which is a key period in the Hindu festival calendar .
Australia - US - trade SYDNEY : A free trade agreement between the United States and Australia should be completed by next week , Trade Minister Mark Vaile said .
Moscow was to base by the end of this year an additional 200 personnel and nine more aircraft at Kant , bringing the base 's total staff to 700 , including 500 military personnel , a Kyrgyz defense ministry spokesman said last month .
China 's Zhang said Sino - Vanuatu diplomatic ties had existed for 22 years and Beijing looked forward to continued cooperation , hinting that , like Taiwan , it had its chequebook at the ready .
A Citigroup unit and two South Korean companies -- Dacom Corp. and Hanaro Telecom -- handed in letters of intent Monday to buy Thrunet , which has been up for sale since it sought court protection in March last year .
Brazilian Marcelinho opened the scoring in the 42nd minute for Berlin but the hosts restored parity with Hertha goalkeeper Christian Fiedler gifting a goal to Gerald Asamoah after 50 minutes .
Population figures for Afghanistan 's first presidential election last month were based on censuses carried out over 20 years earlier , and in some districts over 140 percent of estimated eligible voters registered for polls , he said .
The application , which took two years to come to court , challenged the Land Acquisition Amendment Act , signed shortly after Mugabe won a fifth term in office in 2002 .
Three of the suspects were arrested in the town of Zulfi , 300 kilometers ( 190 miles ) north of Riyadh while the others were captured in the capital itself , the English - language Arab News said .
President Gloria Arroyo was bitterly criticized by the United States in July after she withdrew the small Filipino military contingent in Iraq in compliance with the demands of kidnappers holding a Filipino truck driver .
" I would submit it 's the best relationship that the United States has had with China in over 30 years , " Powell told the CNBC news program " The Wall Street Journal Report , " according to a transcript released Saturday .
International aid agencies have warned about the plight of civilians trapped in battle - scarred Fallujah as the massive US - led offensive entered its sixth day , while in Mosul , rebels over - ran the police force and targeted US military bases .
The Indian captain returns to lead a full - strength side after recovering from a groin injury which forced him to miss the last two home Tests against Australia .
A senior Vatican cleric admitted Wednesday that Pope John Paul II 's often - stated aim of full unity between the various Christian churches was still a long way off .
The latest arrests raise the number of Indian fishermen caught for illegal fishing in Pakistani waters to 209 since September .
German electronics giant Siemens is planning to de - list its shares from the New York Stock Exchange because of the high costs of maintaining a listing on Wall Street , the business daily Handelsblatt reported on Friday .
Jones had already been sentenced to 45 months ' jail in the Netherlands for fraud , Belga said .
Loeb again declared his intentions to prove himself on gravel when he edged out Gronholm in the fifth stage by 1.5 secs .
Emboldened by the killing , Na later raped another 15-year - old girl .
While he is held responsible by the US - backed Iraqi government for numerous atrocities , a US general acknowledged this year that Zarqawi could be dead .
" Other owners , unwilling to give up their vehicles , simply drove them inside the nearest Buddhist monastry hoping to retrieve them later when the dust had settled . "
On Thursday , Beijing said that it was aware of reports on the submarine 's intrusion and that it was watching the situation closely , but refused to confirm or deny that the vessel was from China .
A prominent Christian pastor and human rights activist was jailed Friday in Vietnam for three years , a court official said .
The chairman of the African Union Commission , Alpha Omar Konare , will attend the funeral in Cairo of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , Konare 's spokesman said Thursday .
After Arafat 's death , Barghuti urged Palestinians to retain their commitment to the intifada , in a statement conveyed to AFP by his lawyers .
Parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh will be sworn in Thursday as acting head of the Palestinian Authority after the death of Yasser Arafat , officials said .
The pair clashed heads and Jakobsson 's day went from bad to worse as he was forced to leave the field injured , to be replaced by club captain Dodd .
Sales at the Myer department store slipped 0.5 percent after a shareholder discount scheme was scrapped .
Singapore will deploy 8,000 crack troops to guard key national facilities such as power stations and reservoirs as part of increasing anti - terrorism efforts , a press report said Thursday .
Bush on Wednesday said a new , post - Arafat Palestinian leadership could offer a chance for peace .
Both are children of former SWAPO activists who lived in exile in neighbouring Zambia and only returned to the country after independence from apartheid South Africa in 1990 .
It said a petrol tanker rammed into the car after the driver had lost control because of brake failure .
China 's consumer price index rose by 4.3 percent year - on - year in October , 0.9 percentage points lower than the figure for September , the National Bureau of Statistics said Friday .
Warne rated that delivery ahead of what has been described as the " ball of the century " - the perfect leg - break that bowled England 's Mike Gatting around his legs early in the 1993 Ashes series in England .
Sixteen miners died in an accident Friday in northern Shanxi province .
But prices for industrial and commercial users have already gone up twice this year to help generators cope with rising coal prices .
The official mascot for 2006 World Cup in Germany will be a lion called ' Goleo VI ' it was revealed here on Saturday .
Mideast - Palestinian - vote,3rdlead RAMALLAH , West Bank A day after Yasser Arafat is laid to rest , Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei pledges that a presidential election will be held by January 9 to replace the veteran leader .
" He was greatly admired for his courage and sacrifice not only by the Palestinian people but also by peace loving people in the Arab region and throughout the world , " Kalam wrote after Arafat 's death was announced Thursday .
A mild earthquake measuring 4.6 on the Richter scale shook the northern Indian tourist district of Chamba and neighbouring towns Friday , the meteorological office here said .
Indonesian police were Thursday examining autopsy findings from the body of a leading rights activist who died on a flight to the Netherlands , as reports said he was killed by a lethal dose of arsenic .
Parks repeated the dose two minutes later - this time finding unmarked substitute scrum half Mike Blair with his inch - perfect crossfield lob .
Greece coach Otto Rehhagel on Thursday unveiled a 20-man squad for the European champions ' World Cup 2006 qualifier at home against Kazakhstan next week .
He went 18 - 2 the rest of the season , winning his final 13 decisions after a July 11 defeat .
Nevertheless , Lufthansa unveiled Thursday a pleasing set of third - quarter earnings figures , despite surging oil prices .
A Japanese group has withdrawn sponsorship of a Buddhist summit in Myanmar next month over concerns about the junta 's hardline shake - up , but Yangon said it would go ahead with the event on its own .
One of the men was shot in the shoulder after he failed to obey police commands , he added .
A two - day standoff in a volatile Russian Caucasus republic over the murder of seven men allegedly linked to the regional leader ended peacefully Thursday after a Kremlin envoy persuaded the protestors to go home .
Zimbabwe 's constitutional court on Thursday threw out a challenge to land laws under which thousands of white - owned farms have been seized under President Robert Mugabe 's controversial land reform programme .
Iran was this week supposed to give its response to demands it halt its uranium enrichment in order to avoid being taken before the UN Security Council and possible UN sanctions .
At least 10 people were killed and about 160 injured when a train derailed in the dark and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials said .
Poland - Germany - history - Nazis WARSAW : A report by German and Polish experts said there was no legal basis for calls for compensation from ethnic Germans who lost property when Poland 's borders were shifted westwards after World War II .
" As long as the economy remains on track towards full employment , the Fed will continue to take back the emergency level of rinterst rates undertaken in recent years , " said BMO Financial Group economist Sal Guatieri .
On October 10 , the two UCTE zones were again coordinated after successful trials of new electricity transmission infrastructure built in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
With the death of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has lost his closest enemy , whom he chased , hated and finally isolated for three years in Ramallah .
The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) has told Iran it must respond this week in writing to the European deal if it wants its position included in a report for an IAEA meeting in Vienna on November 25 .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said early Thursday in a statement that he was " deeply moved " by the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who " symbolized ... the national aspirations of the Palestinian people . "
The pilot of a Royal Malaysian Air Force fighter jet that crashed in northern Pahang state has been found alive , a report said Thursday .
An " angry , vicious and erratic " Love laid into King after finding her sleeping on the couch of Love 's ex - boyfriend Jim Barber in Los Angeles .
The International Atomic Energy Agency will meet in Vienna November 25 to consider the Iranian nuclear issue .
July 1 : Arafat returns to the Palestinian territories after 27 years , forms the Palestinian Authority in Gaza City .
" The Iraqi people are guiding their nation toward democracy , and this January they will choose their leaders in a free election , " Bush added .
The win put Paul Le Guen 's highflyers on 32 points , four clear of nearest rivals Lille who can cut the deficit to one point if they beat Monaco on Sunday .
Dozens have lost their lives in the attempt in recent years .
Hirsch says he hopes that a synagogue will one day be built at the Muqataa near the site where Arafat will be laid to rest , in honor of a man that he considered to be a personal friend .
Abul Gheit and his Israeli counterpart Silvan Shalom agreed to postpone the meeting on Wednesday because of the deteriorating health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died on Thursday .
Mbeki will meet Blaise Compaore " tonight in Pretoria , " spokesman Bheki Khumalo said .
I want to be free and to leave Israel , " he said in July .
Britain 's Princess Anne was involved in an air near - miss on Thursday , Buckingham Palace said , without giving details of what happened .
In the past 15 years , 13 Super Bowl winners have been among the top three at this stage of the season .
" It seems like they are playing around and changing these rules all the time , " Australian Test captain Ricky Ponting said Thursday .
APEC , which operates by consensus , is implementing a nonbinding tariff - busting plan to achieve free trade and investment among developed member economies by 2010 and developing members 10 years later .
In the West Bank , a 22-year - old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces in a village near Hebron after troops opened fire at a group of stone - throwing protesters , medical sources and witnesses said .
Everton players are setting their sights on Europe after a 1 - 0 victory over 10-man Birmingham on Saturday sent them four points clear of fourth place Bolton .
Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari arrived unexpectedly in the holy city of Mecca Wednesday where he met Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz , the official SPA news agency reported .
After news of Arafat 's death broke before dawn , the Palestinian leadership immediately moved to divide the spoils of power .
Taiwan share prices are expected to remain under pressure next week , with the market struggling to breach very strong resistance at 6,000 points as investors take profits when they can , dealers said Friday .
Some 21 people were killed in separate accidents on Nigerian roads during Eid al - Fitr festivities marking an end to the holy fasting month of Ramadan , police and press reports said Saturday .
Iraq 's fledgling security forces and all other symbols of the US - backed government are prime targets in a potent insurgency that has raged since the aftermath of last year 's invasion .
" We 're probably hover at around this levels going into the Fed decision tonight , " he said .
Core orders for the July - September quarter fell 8.4 percent from the previous three months , well short of 1.8 percent growth the government had forecast in August .
The latest fatal accident to hit China 's coal industry occurred late Thursday at the Xinsheng Coal Mine in Pingdingshan city in Henan province .
However Bayern Munich can move to within one point of Wolfsburg with all three points at VfL Bochum on Sunday .
Then Chelsea served notice of their attacking intent three minutes later when Lampard 's header was acrobatically clawed away by in - form Fulham keeper Mark Crossley .
Thierry Henry equalised in first - half injury - time , and Arsenal did not have to wait too long before taking the lead after Spurs defender Noe Pamarot brought down Ljungberg , with Lauren sweeping home the resulting penalty .
Defender Lucas Neill narrowly missed the target with a ferocious drive from 30 yards before Dickov almost embarrassed his former colleagues .
Egypt was preparing Thursday to host a military funeral for the late Yasser Arafat in what will be the Palestinian leader 's last return to his country of birth before being buried in his Ramallah compound .
In December 1988 a 57-year - old US woman also stunned the country by giving birth .
The plane carrying British Prime Minister Tony Blair landed just outside Washington on Thursday , where Blair and US President George W. Bush will hold talks on Iraq and the Middle East peace process following Yasser Arafat 's death .
The unrest began after a government bombing on rebel positions left nine French peacekeepers dead .
In his suit filed on Monday , " Boogie Nights " and " Cannonball Run " star Reynolds alleged that Seals is simply trying to extract large sums of cash from .
Fires blazed across the battle - torn neighbourhood as night fell , while the US military pounded suspected rebel targets with heavy shelling , an AFP photographer said .
Loyalists clashed with French troops in the main city of Abidjan on Tuesday , leaving seven dead and taking the death toll from the week of unrest to 145 , according to an AFP toll .
Pachachi , an octogenarian , was originally named as Iraqi president on June 1 but turned down the post after being denounced as the candidate of the United States .
Siemens runs its business year from October to September .
Suggitt has tried to beef up his pack by re - arranging the back - row and installing lock Josh Jackson , who played in last year 's World Cup , alongside Mike Burak .
A total of 84 legislators in the 141-member assembly voted in favour of the constitution -- finalised less than two weeks ago after months of controversy among member states -- with only four deputies opposed and three abstentions .
" Until the last decade the sport was rejected at school and other educational institutions level by parents due to risks and it was a matter of concern for us .
They have been responsible for dozens of anti - Israeli attacks , and became more militant after Israel 's targeted killing of one of their leaders , Raed al - Karmi , in the West Bank city of Tulkarem in January 2002 .
There are no clear figures about how many civilians have been cside the main hospital , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops before they launched the full - scale offensive on Monday , Ibadi said .
South Korean share prices closed marginally firmer Thursday but off intraday highs triggered by a surprise rate cut by the central bank as retail investors sold off heavily , dealers said .
" We can not be deceived and nothing can deviate us from our mission as we are more stronger and organised than ever before , " the fugitive .
Construction began Thursday on reclaimed land here that backers plan to transform into a business hub for Northeast Asia , dubbed a 20 billion dollar " Manhattan " of the East .
As Palestinians prepare to inter Yasser Arafat Friday , settlers are hoping that his death will also lead to the burial of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon 's plan to uproot fellow Jews from the occupied territories .
The ECB 's regular quarterly " Survey of Professional Forecasters " , the results of which were published in the bank 's November monthly bulletin , showed that the experts had revised downward their forecasts for growth in both 2005 and 2006 .
As Afghanistan 's hostage crisis dragged into its fifteenth day , the government said it was pulling out all the stops to get the three foreign UN workers released unharmed by Islamic militants holding them .
A team of experts from the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) here have arrived in Iran to carry out routine inspections , a spokesman of the United Nations atomic agency said Saturday .
Israeli police will also send reinforcements to east Jerusalem to head off any violence linked to Arafat 's death , which came just ahead of the end of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan this weekend , the radio report said .
Uzan , leader of the small Youth Party , was detained in the northwestern province of Sakarya after he allegedly broke into a luxury ranch which had been confiscated from his family earlier this year .
In thin trading with some participants absent for the Veterans Day holiday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 41.51 points ( 0.40 percent ) to 10,426.99 at 1640 GMT .
The Commerce Department , meanwhile , reported that the US trade deficit shrank by 3.7 percent to 51.6 billion dollars in September , as exports increased 0.8 percent to a record 97.5 billion dollars .
Some critics have assailed Ashcroft over the Patriot Act , legislation that broadened law enforcement powers after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , saying it did so at the expense of civil liberties .
Iraqi officials have said two - thirds of its population of 300,000 left before the offensive .
Allen said he expects a trial date for Phelps in late December or early January .
A Turkish truck driver was killed and his vehicle set alight on Wednesday by unidentified gunmen in northern Iraq , the fourth such killing in as many days , regional police said .
Lindsay Davenport , trying to hold on to her world number one ranking at the season - ending WTA Tour Championships , defeated Serena Williams 3 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 1 on Saturday but still was n't assured of advancing from the round - robin phase .
Kraft is said to have started using EPO at the beginning of the summer in collaboration with her boyfriend and coach Martin Malleier .
Intel climbed 28 cents to 23.14 after the chip giant named Paul Otellini chief executive officer , replacing Craig Barrett .
Pakistan welcomed Thursday Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's announcement of a reduction in Indian troop numbers in disputed Kashmir this winter .
France 's Vincent Riou was maintaining his lead Saturday in the round - the - world Vendee Globe yachting race six days after the start of the oceanic marathon .
Two flights were due to take some 800 evacuees to Paris later Saturday , with two or three more planned for Sunday .
I hope it is not the end of my playing career with France because I want very much to be in the squad for the World Cup qualifier with Switzerland next March . "
Veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the man who embodied his people 's struggle for independence , died on Thursday , opening a new chapter in the Middle East 's turbulent history .
The Palestinian Authority has declared a general mourning across the Palestinian territories to mark the death of legendary leader Yasser Arafat , the head of his office said Thursday .
Official figures indicate more than 7,000 workers die each year in the country 's coal mines .
Sept 29 : Second intifada breakstinian parliament that he welcomes any Israeli withdrawal from the occupied territories as Sharon prepares a plan to pull out from most of the Gaza Strip .
" Already 14 people have been arrested in connection with the murder included two on October 9 and following their questioning it has come to light the pontiff played an important role in the murder , " Premkumar said .
Six years ago , when Zeman was in charge of Roma , he urged the Italian authorities to drive doping out of football and accused Juventus of giving drugs to their players to speed up muscle growth .
Three people died and four were wounded when a bomb exploded in the Indonesian province of Central Sulawesi Saturday , police and hospital staff said .
The South Korean government and ruling party are preparing a massive stimulus package , reportedly worth 10 trillion won ( nine billion dollars ) , to prop up the economy after an earlier package of tax cuts and other measures .
Thousands of riot police with shields and sticks stood by as the farmers marched , shouting " No to foreign rice , " " Rescue our rice market " and " Down with the WTO ( World Trade Organization ) " .
They will meet at Old Trafford where last month United 's 2 - 0 win ended the reigning champions ' English top - flight record 49-match unbeaten run .
The meaild welfare groups , the teacher said Thursday .
China 's foreign ministry said it was aware that former Japanese prime minister Ryutaro Hashimoto held talks with Chinese Vice President Zeng Qinghong in Beijing late Thursday , but refused to confirm that the two discussed the incident .
The council had been set to adopt a resolution Wednesday giving the divided nation 's government and rebels 30 days to implement a stalled peace accord or face an arms embargo and other measures .
In September , 12-month inflation had come to 0.6 percent , the office said .
Trading will resume on Friday .
" But the surgeon saw that it was necessary to intervene again , that 's why I had a second operation .
" The year is so tough as it is , " said Davenport , who was sidelined by knee surgery in 2002 and at the end of last year by foot surgery . "
Paris Saint Germain maintained their dominance over Marseille here Wednesday with a 3 - 2 win in the French League Cup achieved with a little help from the hosts ' erratic defence .
The German Triathlon Union ( DTU ) has urged athletes to be more forthcoming for drugs tests as they look to improve the tarnished image of the sport .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger shrugged off doubts about his defence after his side ended a three - game run without a Prera , but Tottenham immediately reduced the deficit when England striker Jermain Defoe struck a superb curling shot on the hour .
The world 's top cocoa producer has been divided since a September 2002 uprising by rebels trying to unseat President Laurent Gbagbo and both sides have failed to meet all their commitments under a January 2003 peace pact .
On Friday , an audiotape posted on an Islamist website and attributed to Iraq 's most wanted man , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , had called on fighters in Fallujah to resist US forces .
China 's two - time world champions Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo skated to a convincing lead Thursday after the pairs short programme in the Cup of China figure skating competition , the fourth leg of the six - round ISU Grand Prix series .
Another eight people died and 88 were hurt three weeks later when two trains collided head - on in the same region .
Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer on Thursday expressed sorrow at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and pledged his country 's continuing support to the Palestinian struggle for independence , his office said .
The presidential polls had been set for May 13 next year but the Guardians Council Saturday over - ruled the interior ministry 's plans .
" President Arafat has for decades served as a symbol of the Palestinian struggle for justice and self - rule .
President Olusegun Obasanjo has called a crisis meeting in the Nigerian capital Abuja for Friday to discuss the deteriorating situation in the state , his spokeswoman Oluremi Oyo said .
Petersen , during late night talks with Kumaratunga Wednesday , was asked to convey the government 's desire to resume direct negotiations with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) at the earliest , a statement said .
A book of condolences would be kept open in the Muqataa until noon on Tuesday of next week .
Australian shares closed 0.4 percent higher Thursday , extending gains to post a 10th record finish in the past 13 sessions , dealers said .
" And from January 1 , 2005 , there will be no more conscripts serving in defence ministry ranks in Chechnya , " he said as quoted by the ITAR - TASS news agency .
The Palestinian leader died in a Paris hospital on Thursday after slipping into a coma .
" Today 's loss of such a big leader as Arafat will make our people stronger in the path of struggle and resistance against the Zionist enemy until they achieve victory and freedom , " it said .
South African Rory Sabbatini and American John Daly , who shared third when the day began , finished only four under and faded into a share of seventh , seven off the pace .
From the rolling fields of France 's Somme Valley to capitals around the world , veterans and political leaders will pause Thursday to remember the fallen of World War I , the first truly global conflict .
In December 2001 , troops first trapped Arafat in his West Bank headquarters in Ramallah and he has been a virtual prisoner there until he was airlifted out left a week ago for treatment in Paris .
Lehmann 's manager Rick Olarenshaw said Friday Lehmann was hopeful he would not miss anything more than Australia 's first full day in training camp .
Despite their lowly position , Reggina pulled off the biggest shock of the season last Saturday when they ended Juventus ' unbeaten record with a 2 - 1 win in Calabria .
Canadian racer Patrick Carpentier announced here Thursday that he will leave Champ - car to join former Formula One driver Eddie Cheever 's team in the rival Indy Racing League .
Ukranian Vitali Klitschko , the World Boxing Council champion and the most respected heavyweight ring king , will defend his crown next month in Las Vegas against Britain 's Danny Williams , who beat Mike Tyson earlier this year .
The routine -- at least , the version seen in late - night joints -- usually involves a scantily - clad female draping her limbs around a pole in a sequence of highly suggestive poses .
" I 'm expecting more violence because of what 's happening in Fallujah , " he said , referring to a massive assault on the rebel stronghold west of Baghdad begun by US and Iraqi forces on Monday .
His efforts to create a national Palestinian identity are historic , " Swedish Prime Minister Goeran Persson said in a statement issued after Arafat 's death .
They established five joint working groups and identified action plans for each , during the second meeting of the US - India Cyber Security Forum , a statement from the US State Department said .
But Bayer turned the game on its head in the second half with Ukraine international Andrei Voronin equalising in the 51st minute and 120 seconds later Leverkusen were in front .
Israeli President Moshe Katsav expressed hope Thursday that the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat would allow his successors to open a " new chapter " in their relations with the Jewish state .
Pathan , who recently missed the last two home Tests against Australia due to a side strain , is one of the three pacemen named in a 14-member squad for the first Test starting at Kanpur next Saturday .
South African mining giant Gold Fields lost a high court bid on Thursday to halt a hostile takeover by rival Harmony Gold , which is seeking to create the world 's biggest gold producer , a court official said .
Analysts said the slowdown appeared to reflect a drop in October food prices , which rose 10 percent after a gain of more than 13 percent in September .
New Zealand captain Tana Umaga , who scored two tries , dismissed suggestions his team went off the boil after their explosive start .
US President George W. Bush will meet briefly with Colombian President Alvaro Uribe , as he returns to Washington from an APEC summit in Chile , on November 22 for a few hours , a diplomatic source told AFP on Thursday .
After eight years in Ivory Coast , Sami Hamoune and her husband had seen it all , from lavish parties in one of Africa 's most modern cities to weeks trapped under curfew .
The director of the Emirates Media Corporation , Ahmed Ali Ballushi Sheikh , was fired after he resumed normal programming before the national period of mourning for Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al - Nahayan ends on Thursday .
A riot over water broke out in the prison on November 2 , leaving four inmates dead and a dozen wounded .
US Federal Reserve policymakers , heartened by a burst in new jobs in October , raised key short - term interest rates Wednesday for the fourth time in a row .
Moody 's Investors Service said Friday it has upgraded its ratings on Japan 's big four banking groups as the industry cuts its massive non - performing loan burden .
The Turkish midfielder was dismissed after he handled a goal bound shot from Everton 's Lee Carsley .
The following is a list of the main Palestinian factions , who will be jockeying for power in the Palestinian territories following the death of Yasser Arafat on Thursday .
After seven minutes , a cardinal came in to say that the time was up , but the pope asked him to leave .
" Most people are thinking,'since Arafat was the obstacle to ending the conflict -- the guy psychologically was unable to let go -- that without Arafat maybe now we can have peace , ' " Segal said .
Manufactured products were 0.3 percent higher on the month , but slipped 0.1 percent on the year .
Carpentier said he longest to run at Indy after watching compatriot Jacques Villeneuve win in 1995 and Canada 's Scott Goodyear twice challenge for a win at the " Brickyard " .
E.ON , Germany 's biggest power supplier , said Thursday it was upgrading its forecasts for the full - year after third - quarter earnings came in higher than expected .
A Japanese parliamentary report Wednesday called for slashing aid to China , saying its neighbour tolerated anti - Japanese sentiment and felt in a position to hand out loans of its own .
His death has been seen by many as an opportunity to revive the moribund Middle East peace process , and in Washington on Friday , Bush -- Israel 's top ally -- promised to rally the international community to the cause .
Officials said Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono would attend a funeral service for Arafat in Cairo on Friday , a journey that would be the president 's first overseas trip since taking office last month .
Palestinians began preparing Saturday for an election to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat as somber prayers were said at the graveside of the leader who spearheaded their fight for an independent homeland .
On Tuesday French Defence Minister Michele Alliot - Marie said the attack was deliberate .
On Wednesday , Mmany civilians have been caught in the crossfire , even though a significant proportion of Fallujah 's estimated 300,000-strong population is thought to have fled ahead of the fighting .
" It is n't a nice thing and will be a difficult preparation , " Lehmann wrote in his Adelaide newspaper column on Thursday .
The IAEA , which is meeting on November 25 to discuss Iran , had been due to issue a report on the crisis on Friday but that has now been delayed .
About 100 European Union nationals , half of them Dutch , were evacuated from Ivory Coast at their request aboard a Dutch military plane on Thursday , officials said .
The Bank of Korea has been under pressure for a rate cut to prop up an economy struggling for traction after it left it unchanged at 3.5 percent for a second straight month in October amid fears of inflation .
Engineers could not repair the damage during an allotted 10-minute service period on Friday morning and Martin , currently lying third in the world championship drivers ' standings , was forced to retire .
US - led troops occupied most of Fallujah Wednesday and were confident of taking full control , as kidnappers pledged to kill Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's relatives unless the assault stopped .
A top adviser to the president of Brazil on Thursday called on Haiti 's interim government to avoid vindictiveness when prosecuting partisans of ex - president Jean Bertrand Aristide .
A first group of 60 Italians , out of 500 who live in Ivory Coast , were evacuated Thursday .
" Guti and Helguera have been in good form in recent weeks and they deserve their place , " said Aragones , dropping the out - of - form playmakers Valencia 's Ruben Baraja and Deportivo La Coruna 's Juan Carlos Valeron .
Byrd , 33 , comes off two lackluster defenses of a vacant title he took from Holyfield two years ago .
' Goleo ' is set to make his first official appearance in Germany 's friendly match against Cameroon , nicknamed the Indomitable Lions , in Leipzig on Wednesday .
One group among them complained Friday of severe thirst and hunger .
And Neil Mellor took his opportunity by scoring in the 83rd and 89th minutes at Anfield as Liverpool saw off Middlesbrough .
And the fact Celtic could only manage a 2 - 2 draw when they visited Easter Road in September should be all the warning Rangers reqtion in the Premiership table .
Ireland go into the match with something of a point to prove having lost both Test matches they played in South Africa in June .
Thousands of party faithful turned out for Namibia 's final election rally Saturday , with Namibian President Sam Nujoma using the opportunity to plug his handpicked successor , certain to be chosen as the arid country 's next president .
Within 10 minutes the game was all but over thanks to Finnish striker Johansson .
" Where have you gone Abu Ammar ( Arafat ) , why have you left us , " wept 55-year - old Umm Ahmed as she sat inside the battered compound .
For example , industrial production increased by 3.2 percent in September , its biggest rise since April 1997 . "
In a report to the Security Council , Annan called for a final six - month extension of the UN mission until May 2005 .
An outspoken critic of the " militarisation " of the Palestinian uprising , Abbas managed to persuade armed factions such as Hamas to call a truce in their campaign of attacks against Israel in July 2003 .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Wednesday he intends to appoint his deputy , one - time neo - Fascist Gianfranco Fini , as foreign minister .
700 words moved by Jean - Louis Doublet -- ASIA -- Japan - NKorea - kidnap - nuclear , lead TOKYO North Korea has ruled out another round of six - nation talks on its nuclear program before the end of the year , Japan 's top government spokesman says .
On Wednesday , the provincial governor of Mosul declared a curfew until 6:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) Friday after at least five people , including three policemen , were killed in clashes throughout the city .
A car bomb ripped through one of the main shopping streets in central Baghdad on Thursday causing many casualties , a police official said .
" I can feel my body falling apart , especially the last couple of days .
Kuznetsova , who defeated compatriot Vera Zvonareva in her opening match on Wednesday , faces France 's world number two Amelie Mauresmo in her final round - robin match on Friday .
Andy Henderson and Hogg made the telling thrust before the ball was recycled and shipped to the left for Southwell to score .
However , sentiment changed abruptly as the market chose to focus on continued strength in consumer spending -- up 0.9 percent after a second quarter gain of 0.8 percent .
ave been referred for courts martial in connection with the Abu Ghraib scandal , Rumsfeld said in September .
He said more than 700 people were at the site when the attack occurred but that protesters would stay for another night despite the incident .
Estimates are that the Global Information Grid will cost 200 billion dollars in the next decade alone , but take two decades to complete , the Times said .
Japan is California 's second - largest trading partner , while Japanese companies are the largest foreig for about 15 years .
With the seconds ticking away in the first half , Joonas Kolkka tripped Baros just inside the Palace half .
Palestinians were plunged into mourning after the death at a hospital near Paris of the 75-year - old , who was the only leader most of them ever knew .
Manchester United 's bitter rivalry with Arsenal is set for a new chapter after the Premiership giants were drawn against one another Wednesday in the quarter - finals of the League Cup .
Later on Thursday , the Royal British Legion staged a flypast and dropped 1.3 million poppy petals above the River Thames in central London .
Now the National Football League 's only unbeaten is Roethlisberger , whose Steelers ( 7 - 1 ) play Cleveland ( 3 - 5 ) just two hours from his boyhood home of Findlay and in the same state where he was a collegiate star at Miami of Ohio .
On Monday , almost a million Namibian voters are expected to go to the polls to choose " Uncle Sam 's " successor , named so because of his white grandfather beard and bear - like figure .
Musharraf last month outlined a formula to resolve the Kashmir dispute , which included demilitarisation and even joint patrolling in pre - specified areas .
Arafat slipped into a coma a week ago which deepened earlier this week and he was on a life - support machine .
Meanwhile , representatives from around the world were gathering to attend his funeral service on Friday .
Scandal - hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors is in talks with PSA Peugeot Citroen Group of France over a comprehensive alliance that includes a capital tie - up , a report said Saturday .
Southampton manager Steve Wigley shrugged off speculation surrounding his future after earning his first Premiership victory , a 2 - 1 win against Portsmouth on Saturday .
US commercial inventories of crude oil expanded last week but heating oil stocks dripped lower , declining for the eighth week in a row , a government survey showed Wednesday .
Some 300 inmates being held without trial at a Malaysian detention centre launched a hunger strike to protest against the conditions there and press for their release , a rights group said Thursday .
Other states with disputed results , North Carolina , New Hampshire and Florida , once again questioned after being the cause of a 36-day delay in counting ballots in 2000 .
The prime minister has for 18 months pledged to make the revival of the peace process a personal priority .
Howard on Wednesday said neither he nor any of his ministers would attend Arafat 's funeral and said Australia remained a staunch Israeli ally , although it believed Palestinians were entitled to a homeland .
After a two - hour morning session focusing on the nuclear issue , the two sides changed subject in the afternoon with the Japanese side raising questions to North Korea 's explanations on the abductions , Hosoda said .
The US military said it attacked suspected rebel targets in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Thursday with air and ground fire after a upsurge in violence .
" That really does reinforce that the Reserve Bank has got a tightening bias out there and if this persists , then it 's likely to act on it sometime next year , " Macquarie Bank senior economist Brian Redican said .
" There wo n't be any boom in the coming future since the ice wo n't significantly retreat before 30 or 40 years , " Walter Parker , chairman of the Arctic Council Circumpolar Infrastructure Task Force , said .
Residents in the sprawling compound put up back flags and portraits of the 75-year - old Arafat , who was seen as a father figure by most of the camp 's 120,000 inhabitants who fled to Jordan after the 1967 Arab - Israeli .
The market fell initially after news that third quarter GDP grew 0.1 percent from the secong to give an annualized 0.3 percent , well short of forecasts for 0.5 percent and 2.1 percent , the yen fell sharply .
For the the presidency of the Group of Eight of the world 's most developed nations as well as the presidency of the European Union for six months , beginning in July .
Seven minutes into the second - half Celtic made it 2 - 0 through Hartson .
The US Treasury Department on Wednesday charged the Peruvian airline Aero Continente with being a financial front for alleged drug trafficker Fernando Zevallos Gonzalez , and banned US nationals and businesses from doing business with the carrier .
The whole country is having parties at this time of the year , " foreign ministry spokesman Yong Chanthalangsy said .
" Palestine today has become a point of reference for free men on
Crucial negotiations between Iran and the European Union centered on demands the Islamic republic suspend some of its nuclear activities failed to reach a conclusion Thursday but will continue Friday , a source close to the talks told AFP .
The Geneva - based WTO , in a report released Wednesday , held that the US ban on web gambling is effectively an unfair trade barrier that hurts the gaming industry of the tiny Caribbean nation .
He was arrested on June 8 .
South Korea said Friday it was satisfied with a UN atomic energy agency report which showed that unauthorized nuclear experiments by government scientists went further than previously thought .
" For nearly four decades , he expressed and symbolized in his person the national aspirations of the Palestinian people , " a statement released by the Secretary - General 's office in New York said .
The decision came after Prime Minister Iyad Allawi declared a state of emergency across most of Iraq on Sunday and followed announcements of curfews in Fallujah and the town of Baiji , as well as a night - time curfew in Baghdad .
The authenticity of the statement , which came as Iraqi government officials pronounced the conclusion of a massive six - day - old US offensive on Fallujah ,
" He was transferred to The Hague where the UN war crimes tribunal established that he was not an indicted war crimes suspect , and today he is on his way back , " he added .
In Thursday 's last match , American Serena Williams , who defeated French Open champion Anastasia Myskina of Russia in three sets on Wednesday , faced another Russian , Elena Dementieva , in a Red Group clash .
The president of Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim - populated nation , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , said " hopefully ( Arafat 's ) dreams for a free Palestine will be achieved someday . "
The militants have held Flanigan of Northern Ireland , Hebibi of Kosovo and Filipino diplomat Nayan since October 28 and want 26 comrades freed as part of a deal .
Share prices closed 1.79 percent higher on Friday , pushing the composite KOSPI index through the key 880-point level once to hit the best level in five weeks .
Airline stocks made strong gains following the sharp drop in oil prices overnight with China Southern Airlines up 0.15 at 3.225 and China Eastern Airlines up 0.03 at 1.64 .
At its Scottish base , the flag flew at half - mast in memory of five of its soldiers killed in Iraq in the last fortnight .
" People are in a wait - and - see mood regarding the demand - supply balance during the northern hemisphere winter , " said Tetsu Emori , chief commodities strategist at Mitsui Bussan Futures in Tokyo .
Chong said the biggest snake he has ever been involved in catching was a seven - metre python , which was discovered after the tenants of a landed property and a big garden reported the repeated disappearance of their kittens .
A statement in the name of 13 militant groups , including that of Al - Qaeda frontman Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , vowed Saturday to take the battle for their bastion of Fallujah to all corners of Iraq .
Arafat , 75 , died in a French military hospital close to Paris after being airlifted there from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Warne leapfrogged the Sri Lankan spinner during this month 's Indian tour as Test cricket 's greatest wicket - taker .
The latest US death brings to 1,147 the number of American troops killed in Iraq since the US - led invasion in March 2003 , according to Pentagon figures .
Burkinabes were targeted in waves of ethnic violence that swept Ivory Coast after the 2002 uprising .
Mideast - Arafat RAMALLAH , West Bank : Palestinians began preparing for an election before January 9 to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat as sombre prayers were said at the graveside of the leader who spearheaded their fight for an independent homeland .
The decision to publish it on Remembrance Day was a poor one , Richard Fraley said , suggesting whoever was behind it had a grudge against the army .
One of the six skaters told Yonhap news agency earlier that coaches beat them almost every day at the Taenung training centre in northern Seoul , where top athletes train for Olympic and world championships .
With Davenport serving and up 4 - 1 , the sixth game went to deuce 18 times , lasting nearly half an hour before Davenport won it .
His 59th minute strike deflated Fulham just two minutes after a clashing volley by Senegalese midfielder Papa Bouba Diop had pulled Chris Coleman 's side level .
los Sainz who crashed during a reconnaissance drive earlier in the week , injuring his neck and back .
Franks retired as head of US Central Command in August 2003 , several months after Saddam Hussein was toppled in Baghdad .
Batasuna will stress its determination to " move definitively beyond armed political conflict " in the Basque country , according to excerpts from a party statement quoted by Euskadi on Saturday .
" I said when we started the operation that I thought we would be involved in Iraq in a serious way for three to five years , " he told reporters on the sidelines of a conference .
And when Bush became president in January 2001 , he named him White House legal counsel .
" We have to move before 2020 .
Sumantri said that more expensive fuel next year would push the rate closer to the 6.5 percent mark but inflation would still be " within the range we have targeted . "
Despite spending two years in prison ahead of his trial , during which rival Islamist groups and their leaders take centre stage , the firebrand leader has never been replaced as head of Arafat 's mainstream Fatah group in the West Bank .
We did n't finish the match as we might have hoped after an excellent start , but it was the first time this group has played together for four or five weeks . "
The discovery came as marines predicted that by Saturday they would take total control of the city , portrayed as the epicentre of a vicious insurgency .
The dollar fell to 105.94 yen in midday Tokyo trade after earlier rising to 106.70 yen from 106.59 yen in New York late Thursday .
It is the second scandal for the DTU this year with German triathlete Katja Schumacher banned for one year after testing postive for the banned hormone testosterone on July 11 .
The summit was originally planned for November 11 , but on November 5 was pushed back to an uncertain future date .
Arafat had been critically ill in the Percy military hospital outside Paris since being airlifted to France on October 29 from the Muqataa , where he had been kept under virtual house arrest by Israel for almost three years .
Boxers under 15 years of age will be eligible to compete at the schoolboy championships after AIBA 's medical commission formulated safety rules in the sport which until last decade was termed as a risk to life .
Arafat had been taken to the hospital from his West Bank headquarters in an emergency airlift nearly two weeks ago after falling ill with a sickness whose diagnosis has not been publicly disclosed .
Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport welcomed a first Boeing 777 Wednesday evening packed with 270 people , airport officials said .
In February , China executed one of its worst serial killers in recent history , an introverted drifter who allegedly murdered 67 people -- mostly farmers -- during a three - year rampage .
Afghanistan 's parliamentary elections are set to be held before May next year in order to elect a legislature to counterbalance the power of recently elected President Hamid Karzai .
The key SP / ASX 200 index closed up 16.9 points or 0.4 percent at 3,863.3 , off a high of 3,866.7 and a low of 3,852.1 , to beat the record set Wednesday .
This Sunday , Milan host Siena at the San Siro where Andriy Shevchenko is expected to return to the starting line - up , having missed the trip to Lombardy in midweek because of a left thigh strain .
" I thought we started very well , Chris scored a really good goal in the first few minutes and John Hartson had a great chance to make it two shortly after that .
He won the Nobel peace prize 10 years ago afr and a great martyr . "
European stock markets edged higher on Wednesday , with the London FTSE 100 index gaining 0.36 percent to finish at 4,734.5 points .
TUESDAY , NOVEMBER 9 -- Less than 24 hours after the start of the assault , US tanks roll into the centre of Fallujah , seizing one third of the rubble - strewn city .
Also on Wednesday evening , the first French airliner carrying 270 evacuees from Ivory Coast landed at Charles de Gaulle airport outside Paris with two more planes due to follow overnight .
Estonia joined NATO in March of this year and became a member of the EU in May. " I could not foresee there would be burglars in my house , " Hanson said .
With the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan nearing its close there are hopes that the hostages would be freed before Eid , the biggest celebration of the Islamic year , which is set to fall in Afghanistan on Sunday .
He is also alleged to have had ties to the three Hamburg - based men who hijacked passenger planes on September 11 , 2001 and flew them into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
Nearly 2,500 westerners have already left since Abidjan airport was reopened on Thursday , which had been closed for five days .
An ICC committee made up of former Test players and chaired by former India captain Sunil Gavaskar , on Wednesday recommended a new rule allowing bowlers to straighten their arms by up to 15 degrees .
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud is to head a high - ranking delegation to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , as a three - day mourning period was declared in the country starting Thursday .
" What today reflects is a commitment .
The Netherlands daily NRC Handelsblad Thursday said Dutch forensic experts had concluded that arsenic was the cause of death and authorities in The Hague recommended a criminal investigation .
Wim Duisenberg , the former head of the European Central Bank , lashed out Friday at the United States ' huge current account deficit , which he said represented the " biggest danger " for economic growth in the 12-country eurozone .
" Mr Yasser Arafat , president of the Palestinian Authority , has died at Percy military hospital at Clamart on November 11 at 3:30 am ( 0230 GMT ) , " he announced in a short statement outside the hospital .
Secretary of State Colin Powell was even more forthright , telling the British newspaper the Financial Times in an interview published Tuesday , " We are ready to seize this opportunity aggressively . "
However , the Saints took just six minutes to equalise when 18-year - old Dexter Blackstock poked the ball past Portsmouth keeper Shaka Hislop .
Around 1,000 foreign nationals were camped at the base Saturday morning , awaiting evacuation .
Australian retailer Coles Myer Ltd. posted a 20.7 percent jump in first - quarter sales Thursday and predicted double - digit sales growth for the full year .
Last month Afghanistan held its first direct presidential election .
Yardley , who was himself called for chucking by Jamaican umpire Douglas Sang Hue in 1978 , agreed with the ICC 's finding that almost all bowlers have bent arms at some stage in their delivery .
According to details released by Egyptian government sources , Arafat 's coffin will be placed on a cannon carriage at around 10:00 am ( 0800 GMT ) and wheeled to the military compound 's mosque .
Bush and Blair outlined a general , five - point strategy committing to the two - state vision of Israel and a Palestinian state and promising to support Palestinians as they select a new president within 60 days .
" After the blast security forces started firing in all directions .
More woes emerged Thursday for Coca - Cola as the soft - drink giant said weakness in key markets and a plan for a big jump in advertising would hurt its earnings .
The euro was changing hands at 1.2905 dollars from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York , 138.19 yen ( 136.29 ) , 0.6997 pounds ( 0.6941 ) and 1.5243 Swiss francs ( 1.5260 ) .
Buck Showalter , who kept Texas Rangers in contention into the final week of the season , edged Minnesota 's Ron Gardenhire for the American League Manager of the Year award announced on Wednesday .
The body of Yasser Arafat was Thursday taken from the Paris hospital which treated the Palestinian leader before his death and transferred by helicopter to a military airport outside the French capital for a flight to Cairo .
Meanwhile , in possible retaliation against the offensive , a boy was killed and five people were injured , including four security personnel , when a military convoy was targeted in South Waziristan 's main town of Wana on Saturday .
Lindsay Davenport 's grip on the world number one ranking slipped some more on Saturday as she was eliminated from the elite season - ending WTA Tour Championships .
They said a fresh spike in the December crude futures overnight was a concern , while many investors were expecting increases in lending rates , even though some local banks kept theirs unchanged after the US rate hike overnight .
The deficit -- which hit a record 413 billion dollars in the just - ended fiscal year -- was placed ahead of social security , health care and tax reform in the survey .
" Throughout his life , the veteran Palestinian leader miraculously survived several assassination attempts plotted by Israeli intelligence agencies ... , his life was also one of struggle , " the English - language China Daily said .
But the analyst remained cautious about the coming months .
Last January , France brokered a peace pact in Marcoussis , a suburb of Paris , which was supposed to bring the rebels and political opposition into a unity government , and see Ggagbo cede some of his powers to a prime minister .
Australian team Coach John Buchanan admitted on Friday the court hearing was bad timing but did not believe his team 's preparations would be compromised .
Hopefully his dreams for a free Palestine will be achieved someday , " Malaranggeng told AFP .
Sehwag completed his 15th half - century in style , lofting a slower ball from Akhtar over long - off for his second six .
Iraq said Saturday that the battle to retake the rebel bastion of Fallujah was over , with more than 1,000 insurgents killed , but that the country 's most wanted man , Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , had fled .
US stocks ended little - changed Wednesday as markets digested a widely anticipated rate hike by the Federal Reserve and a statement suggesting more increases were on the way .
France destroyed two Ivorian warplanes and three attack helicopters after the jets raided a French military base in the central town of Bouake on Saturday , killing nine French soldiers and a US civilian .
Iraqi and US forces launched a massive operation in Samarra in early October to regain control of the city from insurgents , but US military commanders acknowledge that many of the insurgents went to ground after the brief assault .
650 words moved by Rachel Morarjee Japan - submarine - China , lead TOKYO China urges Japan to stay calm in solving bilateral disputes a day after Tokyo demands Beijing 's apology for the intrusion of a Chinese nuclear submarine into Japanese waters .
" Of course the relevant departments are maintaining close contact to watch this incident , " Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said Thursday .
Asked about the situation in southern Fallujah , where violent clashes had erupted Saturday , he said : " The mission is accomplished and there only remains these few pockets , which are being cleaned up . "
But the judges rejected his appeal , ruling that he remained " a real threat " to national security after they had submissions from the security services .
Not to mention that many of Iran 's grand ayatollahs are advanced in years , with their eyesight not what it used to be .
Israeli forces would have withdrawn from Palestinian territories over three years with an international force put in place and sovereignty over Jerusalem would have been divided .
US - led troops battling for control of Fallujah took their fight against rebels to the south of the restive Iraqi town on Saturday as scores of insurgents opened a new front in the northern city of Mosul .
The US military said 18 American servicemen and five Iraqi soldiers had already died , and 69 US and 34 Iraqi troops been wounded , since the battle for the rebel enclave was launched on Monday .
Ivorians are supposed to elect a new president next year .
The 32-year - old former Bayern Munich star was operated on almost immediately in Lyon after he broke his fibula and suffered ankle ligament injuries on August 22 in a league match with Metz .
They ended their strike after intervention from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) .
US diva Liza Minnelli 's former chauffeur and bodyguard has sued her for 100 million dollars , claiming she repeatedly beat him and forced him to have sex with her , court documents showed Thursday .
Britain 's newspapers on Thursday sent Prime Minister Tony Blair off to the White House with a political " shopping list " to present to US President George W. Bush .
It said underlying profit as represented by earnings before interest , taxation , depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) was now expected to grow by five to seven percent this year rather than seven to 10 percent .
He insisted that presidential elections , which the Basic Law stipulates are to be held within 60 days , were the only way to designate a " person who will have serious legitimacy . "
The White House was embarrassed earlier this year by a Gonzales memo that said some provisions of the Geneva Conventions were " obsolete " and " quaint " .
For the first nine months of the year , Pirelli reported net profit of 210 million euros , compared with a loss of 53 million in the same period in 2003 .
Dutch goalkeeper Eveline De Haan kept out Cecilia Rognoni when she had a clear chance in the 25th minute .
Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over The Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured the three officers in the pre - dawn raid .
" Having frequently called Mr. Blair in aid against accusations of unilateralism during the election campaign , Mr. Bush is unlikely to leave his guest empty - handed , " it predicted .
Kujat is set to announce his successor personally next Wednesday , at a press conference after the decision is taken .
After a year of martial law in Aceh , the government on May 19 implemented the civil emergency in which civilian authorities are in charge but have power to order press censorship , curfews and other restrictions .
The army has denied the alleged rape , reported late Saturday near the northern town of Handwara , but the state government as well as the army are investigating .
The main sticking points in the tentative agreement on gime - specific duration , namely six months , " but the European trio " refused and said the suspension must be maintained until a long - term agreement is reached , " the diplomat said .
But the statement said the prime minister , whose Congress party - led coalition government won general elections in May , would continue to monitor the situation closely to assess any rise in militancy .
The government of Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim - populated nation , on Thursday expressed sorrow at the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and hailed him as a hero .
Pope John Paul II gave Arafat an audience at the Vatican in September 1982 , as leader of the Palestine Liberation Organisation .
US President George W. Bush scrapped temporary tariffs on certain steel imports late last year after the EU gained WTO approval for 2.2 billion dollars in retaliatory sanctions .
Palestinians were overcome with grief in the territories at the news that their 75-year - old leader had died in a military hospital in Paris after being airlifted there nearly two weeks ago .
Crude oil futures fell sharply Thursday , retracing gains from a day earlier , as the market put aside concerns about winter heating oil supplies .
" The top priority of the ( Iraqi ) government is to secure the atmosphere of peace and security necessary to hold elections in January 2005 , " Abdel - Latif said . "
Several people were woundedhas had increasingly tense relations with Moscow as it seeks to reassert central authority over two separatist republics backed by Russia after bringing one defiant region to heel .
Blair faces intense domestic pressure to reap some benefits from his support for the US - led war in Iraq , and hinted before his departure that the Middle East was where he expected to find this .
Balasingham said a proposal for self - rule should be implemented to take care of the urgent humanitarian needs of the Tamil minority and that discussions on a final settlement could take place later .
An estimated one in four Abidjan homes occupied by foreign nationals was destroyed in the days of unrest that presidential spokesman Alain Toussaint told AFP left at least 64 dead and " more than 1,000 " injured .
Winners there will meet next Saturday for the title .
The bank 's earlier decision to keep rates on hold in September and October had prompted complaints from officials , including Finance and Economy Minister Lee Hun - Jai who suggested that it should cut interest rates during a slump .
They even took the toilets , " lamented Babette , who after years running the Pierrot bakery in Ivory Coast 's main city Abidjan , waited Wednesday with hundreds of other French nationals to be evacuated from the violence - wracked country .
Palestinians on Saturday looked ahead to a future without Yasser Arafat after the man who led their fight for independence for decades was laid to rest in a frenzied outpouring of grief .
The dollar rose to 106.95 yen from 105.65 on Tuesday .
Japan - economy - wholesale ) Cabinet Office to release machinery orders for September at 0500 GMT . (
Sri Lanka 's cricket governing body Thursday welcomed the new bowling rules of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) , saying the decision will finally end the controversy over Muttiah Muralitharan 's action .
The boss of Abu Dhabi television has been sacked for resuming normal programming during mourning following the death of the United Arab Emirates ' ruler , sources close to the broadcaster said Wednesday .
Indian President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam led the country 's condolences on the death of Arafat , announced on Thursday , praising the Palestinian leader 's lifetime devotion to his people .
That took her total for the year to five , after earlier wins in Tokyo and Amelia Island .
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip celebrated their first Eid al - Fitr on Saturday without Yasser Arafat , wistfully remembering how he once visited the graves of Gaza martyrs to mark the end of Ramadan .
Israel expressed hope Thursday that the death of Yasser Arafat , regarded in the Jewish state as the main obstacle to peace in the Middle East , could open a new chapter in relations with the Palestinians .
Covering an area of around three dunams ( 3,000 square metres ) , the site was later used as a base by Jordan during its administration of the West Bank .
E.ON booked net profit of 1.15 billion euros in the period from July to September , an increase of 83 percent year - on - year .
The death toll from a powerful earthquake in eastern Indonesia rose to 19 Saturday while damaged roads hindered the evacuation of wounded , a relief official said .
More than 4,100 foreigners have registered with the French army for evacuation from troubled Ivory Coast , a French military official said Saturday .
The sources estimated that some 200,000 Indian security force members , including 60,000 combat troops on Kashmir 's borders with Pakistan , are currently battling a 15-year - old insurgency against Indian rule in the disputed region which has claimed thousands of lives .
The key federal funds target rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , rose to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent , members of the Federal Open Market Committee said .
I told them before the game not to lose the ball in defence but we did that .
The intelligence official , who did not give his name , said that investigators " have some confidence but not certainty " that the voice on a videotape aired by ABC television in October " is that of Gadahn . "
It was a masterstroke from Wigley who hauled off the rusty and ineffectual James Beattie after 68 minutes .
Abbas has been acting as caretaker PLO leader since Arafat was admitted to a French military hospital on October 29 .
Markus Husterer scored an unfortunate own goal in the 32nd minute and German Under-21 international Mike Hanke clinched their passage in the 77th minute .
Fiji 's Vice President Jope Seniloli has lost an appeal against his conviction and four - year prison term for treason , the Fiji Times reported Friday .
Security forces were looking for four people who fled after the incident , the sources said , adding that 32 foreigners -- 30 Iraqis and the two dead Iranians -- were on the bus at the time of the crash .
A huge explosion rocked the eastern side of Baghdad 's centre on Thursday as a big plume of white smoke billowed over the area , AFP correspondents said .
Japan - submarine - China TOKYO : Japan 's media said the country 's distrust of China had grown with the intrusion of a Chinese nuclear submarine , as Beijing stayed silent for a second day on Tokyo 's demands for an apology .
Kolkka 's fine solo goal was undone when Palace conceded just before the interval .
Text slug : Mideast - Arafat A4 horizontal VANUNU UPD UPDATED profile of Israeli nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu , re - arrested Thursday in Jerusalem .
Despite that , few people dared to venture out onto the streets , the AFP reporter said , adding that most shops remained shut after closing earlier in the week amid esclalating unrest .
The IAEA made the uranium enrichment public in September , even if Seoul at first denied producing highly enriched uranium .
Britain 's Princess Anne , the only daughter of Queen Elizabeth , was caught up in a near miss Thursday when her royal plane narrowly averted a collision with a Eurofighter jet , the defence ministry said .
A homeless teenager who hid in the landing gear of a passenger plane survived a 700-kilometer ( 430 miles ) flight across southwestern China but his companion fell and probably died , state media reported Friday .
England captain David Beckham expects to quit international football after the next World Cup tournament , he told the Daily Star Sunday newspaper .
The group called off the truce in June this year , threatening to carry out attacks and warning tourists and investors to stay away from the country .
Until now , the unit had been expected to break even only before restructuring charges , which will be very substantial .
European trading was meanwhile cautious on Thursday following the death overnight of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , dealers said , as markets worried for the future of the Middle East peace process .
A Hong Kong - based health and beauty chain has been fined for running misleading advertisements , Taiwan 's fair trade commission said Thursday .
Forex - Asia ) Reporting on Japanese share prices after the US Federal Reserve 's interest rate decision , ahead the release of Japan 's gross domestic product data . (
In 1940 , he refused to work for the Nazi occupiers of France -- " never , even if I had to die for it " -- but today he does crossword puzzles in German " to stop my brain going rusty . "
Warne was careful not to single out Muralitharan or any other bowler when he discussed the proposal Thursday .
Phelps chased a singles Olympic record of seven gold medals set by Mark Spitz but fell one title short , settling for six golds and two bronzes at Athens last August .
They forecast eurozone inflation would average 2.1 percent this year and then slow slightly to 1.9 percent in both 2005 and 2006 .
Trimming the record US budget deficit should be the top economic priority for the second term of President George W. Bush , a survey of economists showed Thursday .
I think it is possible , " Bush declared at a joint press conference with Blair after a White House summit .
Saudi security forces have arrested five suspected militants wanted for security - related matters , a local newspaper reported Saturday .
450 words moved Afghanistan - Taliban - Eid KABUL Three years after the hardline Taliban militia were swept from power in Afghanistan , fugitive one - eyed leader Mullah Mohammed Omar again calls on his countrymen to cast off American influence .
Black smoke billowed from the rebel enclave after another night of shelling as the battle for Fallujah , seen as the epicentre of a violent insurgency against Iraq 's US - backed government , forged into its third full day .
India - oil ) Moving piece about a new Bollywood movie which is based on claims of rape made against a judge during the World Social Forum meeting in Bombay earlier this year . (
Iran - nuclear - IAEA TEHRAN : Crucial talks between Iran and the European Union over demands that Tehran suspend some of its nuclear activities failed to reach a conclusion Thursday but will continue Friday , a source said .
Sadr 's men holed up in the Imam Ali shrine of central Najaf and pulled out only after the intervention of Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani , the highest Shiite religious authority in Iraq .
" After this incident , I believe there will be an acceleration in the plans to modernize our rail system , " he told reporters .
Palace twice replied with equalisers , following Baros ' first penalty and his second goal late in the first half .
Melbourne was originally mooted as an alternative venue but that was over - ruled by the New Zealand Rugby Union last week .
By contrast Bordeaux , who are equal on points with PSG and two places above them in eighth , are stagnating after failing to win in their last six league games .
Fears of a worldwide outbreak have been heightened by recent cases of avian flu in Thailand and Vietnam , where the disease has killed 32 people so far this year .
The three were found six kilometres ( 3.72 miles ) from their house late Thursday , weak and covered with bruises and insect bites , it said .
Acclaimed Chinese - American historical author Iris Chang has been found dead in her car , apparently after shooting herself , police sources said Wednesday .
Larry Donald dominated Evander Holyfield to post a 12-round unanimous decision over the former heavyweight world champion Saturday in a non - title bout .
SKorea - economy - jobless SEOUL : South Korea 's unemployment rate rose to 3.3 percent in October from 3.2 percent in September , due to fewer jobs in the retail and wholesale sectors , hotels , agriculture and fisheries , official data showed .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair left London on Thursday for Washington , where he will hold talks with US President George W. Bush , an AFP correspondent on the flight said .
Hu is to arrive in Brasilia late Thursday for a tour that will also take him to Argentina , Cuba , and Chile for the November 20 - 21 Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum summit .
A black hearse drove up minutes later .
A Dutch military plane arrived in Dakar from Abidjan at the end of Thursday morning , with about 100 European Union nationals aboard , an AFP correspondent in the Senegalese capital said .
" The way we played tonight we would get beat by a lot of teams nd their qualification on Tuesday .
Berlusconi had an often tense relationship with Arafat , whom he refused to meet during a visit to the Middle East in June 2003 when he declared himself to be " Israel 's best friend in Europe " .
The province 's assembly and executive have been suspended since October 2002 , however , with the hardline loyalist Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) refusing to cut any deal unless the IRA disbands .
But even the absence of senior players may not be enough to prevent more controversy later this month if the last Arsenal - United League Cup match three years ago is anything to go by .
In the last three days 40,000 tonnes of explosives were found in the Jolan neighbourhood , the heart of Fallujah 's insurgency , an officer said .
Chirac paid tribute to the nine dead soldiers on Wednesday in a ceremony at the Invalides military hospice and church in central Paris .
French military commander General Henri Poncet on Thursday also confirmed that a number of women had been brutally raped by the rampaging hordes of " patriots " but revealed no further details out of respect to the women .
At the European Central Bank , president Jean - Claude Trichet earlier this week described the euro 's latest movements as " brutal " and " unwelcome . "
The CPI was up 4.1 percent year - on - year over the first 10 months of 2004 , following a 5.2 percent rise in September , the bureau said in a statement .
No one was hurt in the fire in Uden because it started at night when the school was empty .
First to put the constitution to the public vote will be Spain , which goes to the polls in February , followed by Portugal in April .
In the July - September period , Edison said it made a net profit of 28 million euros ( 36 million dollars ) , up from eight million a year earlier .
Thai share prices closed 1.98 percent higher Friday in heavy trade led by the banking and energy blue chips , dealers said .
Schwarzenegger was to take his star appeal directly to the public at an outdoor venue Saturday , the final day on his first trip to Asia since becoming governor last year .
" The question is whether this could be a year - round route , " Brigham said , noting that " some small shipping companies are already making plans " .
Kuwait said Thursday it would be represented by its energy minister , a leading ruling family member , at the Cairo funeral of Yasser Arafat , the Palestinian leader it had branded a " traitor " .
It was not clear whether the boy was killed by the blast or in the shooting that broke out afterwards .
World leaders voiced hope Thursday that the death of Yasser Arafat would give fresh impetus to the moribund Middle East peace process , but were divided over the Palestinian leader 's legacy .
German GDP also shuddered to a near - halt in the period from July to September , growing by the same meagre 0.1 percent , the federal statistics office Destatis calculated .
Several other athletes have staged walkouts from training camps in the past after accusing coaches of brutality .
That decision meant Hoy lost the individual gold and it also dropped the three - day eventing team down the standings .
On Saturday Qorei , Abbas , and the caretaker head of the Palestinian Authority Rawhi Fattuh knelt at Arafat 's marble tomb in solemn prayer , a stark contrast to Friday 's scenes of mayhem at the Muqataa compound .
The United States now marks the November 11 anniversary of the World War I armistice in 1918 as Veterans Day for Americans who have fought in any conflict .
Scheduled to run simultaneously with his burial in Ramallah , the sombre procession will begin after the main weekly prayers at 2:30 pm ( 1230 GMT ) , said a statement from the 13 principal Palestinian factions .
The IAEA report could clear the way to the agency bringing South Korea before the UN Security Council for the lapses when the IAEA 's board of governors meets in Vienna on November 25 .
Parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh will head up the Palestinian Authority for a 60 day period until the holding of new presidential elections .
China - economy - inflation - factory BEIJING : China 's producer prices rose 8.4 percent on - year in October as inflation in raw materials costs led to the highest prices of factory gate goods in eight years , official data showed .
Egyptian presidential spokesman Maged Abdul Fattah said earlier Wednesday that arrangements were underway after reports that President Hosni Mubarak had given the green light for a funeral ceremony to proceed in Cairo .
The United Nations interrupted business on Thursday to pay formal tribute to Yasser Arafat , the longtime Palestinian leader whose death marked the end of an era in the Middle East .
" I do n't know why they decided to announce this decision so early ... I do n't know why they did n't wait after the complete season , " said Frequelin .
The CPI was up 4.1 percent year - on - year over the first 10 months of 2004 , the bureau said in a statement .
But the minister told parliament Friday that the government was revising its inflation forecast for 2004 to 30 percent from a previous estimate of 20 percent , the Lusa news agency reported .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's final battle was fought in the ward of a French military hospital , where the veteran politician died after more than a week in a coma .
An American soldier was fatally wounded and two insurgents killed as attackers ambushed a military patrol in southern Baghdad on Tuesday , the US army said on Wednesday .
The Foreign Office issued instructions to British nationals in Ivory Coast to assemble on Friday for evacuation from the troubled West African nation " under the protection of British forces " .
After the game , Portsmouth boss Harry Redknapp took the opportunity to rage at chairman Milan Mandaric 's plans to bring in a director of football to the club .
Palestinians in the territories were overcome with grief at the news that their 75-year - old leader had died in a military hospital in Paris after being airlifted there nearly two weeks ago .
" Today I have come bearing an olive branch and a freedom fighter 's gun .
But she picks up her spirits , saying " do n't believe for a minute that Arafat is dead .
The SPL leaders were in complete command and Hartson should have doubled their lead in nine minutes .
Things get better and better from hour to hour . "
On November 4 a French medical source told AFP that Arafat was in a " very deep coma " and effectively brain dead .
Nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian were killed earlier this month when government SU-25 jets bombed a French military camp in Bouake in the course of what the government said were airstrikes on rebel positions .
Four minutes into the second half substitute prop Mark O'Meley took Kimmorley 's pass to stroll through a gap in the home defence for a debut try .
The Marxist - Leninist organisation was founded in 1969 after breaking off from the PFLP and is still led by Damascus - based Nayef Hawatmeh .
The assault , which followed an April attack by US - led forces that ended in a stalemate with rebels in control and hundreds dead , is aimed at ending Iraq 's insurgency so elections can go ahead as planned in January .
The bureau said the number of people out of work fell 8.2 percent in the 12 months to October .
Several hundred people on Tuesday had smashed their way into the offices of Karachayevo - Cherkessia 's president Mustafa Batdyev , who had to flee the building through a back door as the angry crowd broke windows and furniture .
Mbeki will next Wednesday meet with Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende , whose country holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , to discuss the Ivory Coast crisis .
An envoy of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Wednesday that 127 insurgents were arrested in a hospital in Fallujah , as he sought to ease Turkish concerns over a blistering US - led offensive against the rebel stronghold .
The 732-seat European Parliament will have two gypsy representatives after the Hungarian liberal Free Democrats party on Saturday named Viktoria Mohacsi as a replacement MEP .
Palestinians flock to the streets in grief , Israelis raise security and brace for new violence " Palestinians reacted with tears and tributes after the death of their leader Yasser Arafat yesterday .
He said that in fighting on Wednesday his charges had killed 17 to 20 insurgents in a three - to - four block radius over a few hours .
Arafat , whom Sharon has referred to as a " terrorist " and a " murderer " , died early Thursday at the age of 75 in a French military hospital outside Paris .
American athlete Jerome Young , the world 400 metres champion , has been banned for life for a second doping offence , the United States Anti Doping Agency ( USADA ) announced Wednesday .
The Palestinian Authority has already announced that his death would be observed in a 40-day mourning period .
Iraq - unrest - Mosul MOSUL , Iraq : The US military said it attacked suspected rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire after an upsurge in violence in the northern city .
Torrential rains lashed central Japan overnight leaving at least one person dead and forcing some 2,290 households to temporarily evacuate , police said Friday .
According to an official Palestinian statement released in Ramallah , Arafat is due to be buried inside his West Bank headquarters late in the afternoon .
The water temperature was six degrees Celsius and in theory nobody could survive for more than three hours " in those conditions .
In early November , Computerworld reported that Firefox 's market share had risen to six percent .
550 words moved by Ryan Nakashima Philippines - Italy - kidnap,3rdlead MANILA An Italian aid worker walks free from the southern Philippines jungle a day after he was abducted by local gunmen , officials say .
Another agreement was signed in Accra in July of this year .
" We should not forget this 19-year - old young man has always conducted himself in an exemplary manner , " Allen told the Sun . "
He said the security situation in Sudan had worsened in recent weeks , hampering efforts by international organizations to provide assistance in the Darfur region in the country 's west .
Britain 's Foreign Office revised on Thursday its travel advice for Israel , the West Bank and Gaza , warning its nationals that the security situation could worsen there following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Japanese share prices closed 1.60 percent higher Friday as investors focused on strong consumption figures in what was otherwise much weaker - than - expected third - quarter growth data , dealers said .
France and other countries have begun evacuating foreign nationals from the divided west African state after violence last week shattered a fragile truce and peace pact between the government and former rebels .
The deadly bombing in Baghdad occurred at the height of the morning rush , trapping people in burning cars and destroying shop fronts .
The government in Rome announced Thursday that it would officially be represented by an under - secretary at the foreign ministry , Alfredo Mantica .
As of 0830 GMT , a total of 16 people across the island had been killed by the quake that was followed by three powerful aftershocks , Alor deputy police chief Hasan Kiko told AFP .
A first Boeing 777 took off shortly after midday carrying 270 people , French military officials said at the airport , which has been closed to commercial traffic and in the hands of the French military since Saturday .
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo , the Nigerian president , consulted Wednesday with African leaders on convening an urgent summit on the crisis , according to an official statement .
An uneasy ceasefire between the insurgents and loyalist troops broke down last week when government warplanes bombed rebel held cities in the north , in the process killing nine French peacekeepers and a US scientist .
Parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh will also head up the Palestinian Authority for a 60 day period until the holding of new presidential elections .
Sergio Santana scored for Mexico in the 48th minute .
After meeting British counterpart Jack Straw in Madrid last month Moratinos said cooperation would be extended via measures such as the joint commercial use of Gibraltar airport .
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday hundreds of people have been killed in the first days of a US offensive on rebels in Fallujah , Iraq .
But that pact , too , sparked anti - French riots by the same hardline Gbagbo supporters responsible for the violence of the past week , and has still not been fully implemented , leaving Ivory Coast divided into the rebel north and pro - Gbagbo south .
Mubarak 's office also announced a three - day mourning period after the 75-year - old leader died early Thursday in Paris .
But many insurgents appear to have fled before battle commenced and are running riot across the country , particularly in the main northern city of Mosul , where US forces were called in to conduct air strikes on Thursday .
Alan Thompson almost made it three after 55 minutes when he weaved through the Caley defence but his shot from eight - yards was pushed away by Brown and the Caley keeper then recovered well to save from McGeady .
Skate America champions Belbin and Agosto , put on a smooth performance to take the ice dancing lead on the first day with 40.07 points ahead of Canada 's Marie - France Dubreuil and Patrice Lauzon .
African leaders on Thursday paid homage to Yasser Arafat as a giant in the struggle for liberation , with many lamenting the fact that his dream of a Palestinian state remained unfulfilled .
Several young Eritreans , who also asked not to be named , told AFP last week that " these roundups started in 1998 . "
However , after Egypt 's crushing defeat in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war and the Israeli occupation of the Sinai desert , the Gaza Strip and West Bank , Nasser moved closer to the Palestinian leader .
Yasser Arafat was a powerful symbol of the Palestinian people 's cause , world leaders said Thursday in reaction to his death , but they differed sharply over his contribution to Middle East peace .
More Japanese firms are likely to follow in their footsteps and pursue similar projects in China , which produces the largest amount of global warming gases after the United States , the report said .
Daveport 's shaky serve shaped up somewhat in the second set and her confidence level grew .
He added that the US embassy in Abidjan was closed on Wednesday and would probably not open on Thursday for security reasons .
The pair launched a timid secretive dialogue four years ago and Than Tun was involved in shuttling between the two sides .
It was the lowest voter turnout yet for Senate elections in the Czech Republic 's history , just days before the country marks the 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution which brought a return to democracy .
European stock markets pushed upwards in early deals on Wednesday as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of a US interest rate decision .
A day after Yasser Arafat was laid to rest , Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei pledged on Saturday that a presidential election would be held by January 9 to replace the veteran leader .
An airliner carrying 512 passengers will depart Thursday morning , following two planes that landed safely late Wednesday in Paris with a total of 607 people , French military spokesman Major Jacques Combarieu told AFP .
Egypt was preparing Thursday to host Yasser Arafat 's funeral , the region 's largest gathering of world leaders in years and the Palestinian leader 's last return to his country of birth before being buried in his West Bank compound .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday the Middle East peace process was the " highest priority " for the international community as he expressed his condolences over the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
" The rate hike did not have any impact this morning as the market had completely priced in the 25 basis point rate hike , " said Shinko Securities equity strategist Tsuyoshi Segawa .
" The apology comes from those who are still refusing to arrest a single war crimes suspect nine years after the war ended , " Habul said , noting that sanctions and diplomatic isolation had failed to budge them .
The Philippines is also dealing with another hostage situation in Afghanistan where a Filipino diplomat , working as a UN election official , was abducted on October 28 by suspected remnants of the Taliban regime .
Barghuti rose to prominence after the intifada broke out .
" Polar Express , " based on the award - winning children 's book by Chris Van Allsburg , opened in North America on Wednesday , starring Tom Hanks in five different roles and is tipped as a strong contender for the fourth best animated feature Oscar .
But many insurgents appear to have fled before battle commenced and are running riot across the country , particularly in the main northern city of Mosul , where US forces were called in to carry out air strikes on Thursday .
ANP news agency reported that police in the central region of Utrecht also arrested a man on Wednesday in an arrest that was tied to the police raid in The Hague .
Oil - price , lead LONDON Oil prices hold steady after surging the day before on worries over low stockpiles of US heating oil with winter fast approaching in key markets .
Irish inflation accelerated to 2.7 percent in October from 2.5 percent in September , official figures showed Thursday .
President George W. Bush offered " condolences " to the Palestinians but the United States will only send Assistant Secretary of State William Burns to Arafat 's funeral in Cairo on Friday , reflecting the freeze in relations under the Bush administration .
Dutch police ended a major raid on a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here since early Wednesday and , according to the state prosecutor 's office , arrested two suspects .
A fourth airliner was expected to take off Thursday morning with 512 passengers , he said .
Centre Matt Giteau , Jones added , was rated doubtful for next week 's Scotland match after he came off with an injured knee .
US President George W. Bush , who ha he regretted that Arafat had later missed an opportunity for lasting peace .
Militants on Thursday vowed to avenge what they called Israel 's " murder " of Yasser Arafat , as three Palestinians were killed during a major Israeli security clampdown on the occupied territories .
Phil Garner , who replaced Jimy Williams as manager of the Houston Astros the day after the All - Star break , received the other two first - place votes and finished fourth in the balloting .
Dahlan publicly urged the late leader last summer to implement long - delayed political reforms amid mounting security chaos in the territories and widespread allegations of corruption in Arafat 's entourage .
Palestinians also began preparing for elections due to be held in two months time , while US President George W. Bush pledged he would mobilise the international community to work towards the creation of a Palestinian state .
SriLanka - Tamil - children ) DHAKA : Monitoring after Indian border patrols open fire along frontier with Bangladesh following tension over the movement of alleged illegal immigrants . (
Arafat 's funeral will be held in Cairo on Friday .
He was very tired ... but I expected him to be treated and return to Ramallah , " said Madiha , one of three of Arafat 's close relatives who have been living in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) for many years .
A massive search for the young woman ensued after Peterson told authorities that his wife of five years seemed to have disappeared while walking a dog while he was out fishing on Christmas Eve .
The military estimates that 2,000 to 2,500 rebels were in the city when the assault started on Monday .
With Martin O'Neill 's side playing host to Inverness Caledonian Thistle on Saturday they have an opportunity to put pressure on Rangers who are away to Hibernian the following day .
No decision has been taken on who would represent the United States at Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's funeral , the US State Department said Wednesday .
Two US helicopters were forced to make an emergency landing after taking small arms and rocket - propelled grenade fire , a military spokeswoman saidn three cars abducted his elderly cousin , Ghazi Allawi , his wife and their daughter - in - law .
On November 25 the mission heads to Kampala to meet with Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , before returning to New York November 26 .
Silvio Berlusconi 's corruption trial heads into a crucial phase Friday when the prosecution is expected to press a court to send Italy 's most powerful man to jail after summing up the evidence against him .
A six - day battle to regain control of Fallujah has ended and there are just " malignant " pockets of resistance remaining , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday , while the US military said the operation was not yet over .
US and Iraqi forces may make short work of retaking Iraq 's rebel bastion of Fallujah , but they wo n't have seen the last of the insurgents , a US commander said as the fight entered its sixth day Saturday .
His condition deteriorated further late Monday , according to his French doctors .
Earlier Thursday , top Iranian diplomat and negotiator Hossein Moussavian said " there are still internal discussions at a high level " , and that " it is not yet clear " if the Iran 's clerical leadership would approve or reject a deal .
Arafat 's body was expected to be flown back to the town of Ramallah from Cairo in the early afternoon and would lie in the Muqataa for people to pay their final respects from around 2:45 pm .
He arrived Friday in Kathmandu where he was greeted at the airport by government officials .
He insisted that presidential elections , which , according to the Palestinians ' Basic Law are to be held in 60 days , were the only way to designate a " person who will have serious legitimacy " .
The Dutch economy grew by 0.2 percent in the third quarter 2004 from the previous three months , for an annual rate of 1.4 percent , provisional figures released Thursday by the central statistics office showed .
Brabec 's position became untenable after police taped telephone conversations between him and Ivan Hornik , the former manager of Viktoria Zizkow .
The 50,000-member strong Car and Transport Workers ' Union ( AKT ) told Finnish news agency FNB it would expand the strike to the cities of Jyvaeskylae , Pori , Lahti , Kuopio and Oulo on Friday , as the employers have not met its demands .
US forces aim to control all of Fallujah by Saturday despite fierce fighting as they push deeper , an officer said , adding that they already command 75 percent of the rebel Iraqi enclave .
A report Wednesday in the Frankfurter Allgemeine named Kraft as the German athlete who tested positive for EPO after the competition .
German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Thursday that the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat marked " the end of an era , " stressing that the Middle East peace process remained " of crucial importance . "
Italy expelled some 50,000 illegal immigrants from the country this year alone , according to data released by the interior ministry on October 31 .
Liverpool moved to fifth after a fantastic hat - trick from Milan Baros sealed a 3 - 2 victory over Crystal Palace .
About four weeks ago , the billionaire head of Japan 's Seibu property , retail and railway empire resigned as chief of all of the group 's companies to take responsibility for the false declaration on its stockholdings .
Sorenstam is n't entered this week after notching her seventh win of the season in last week 's Mizuno Classic .
Ukraine - vote KIEV : Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results .
But a positive for the visitors was the resilience of Australian - born Sinclair , 29 , who again looked reasonably comfortable in his former homeland , backing up his 88 with another half century .
Mideast - Arafat - Egypt - funeral CAIRO : Egypt was preparing to host a military funeral for the late Yasser Arafat in what will be the Palestinian leader 's last return to his country of birth before being buried in his Ramallah compound .
" The court is expected to decide at the end of November 2004 on the admissibility of the extradition . "
Jack Smith blasted nine fours in his 57 -- SA 's first half - century of the match -- until he was caught off Shane Watson .
Arafat 's body was to be flown from Paris to Cairo later Thursday for a funeral service on Friday before being taken to the Palestinian Authority'ssday morning , police said .
Before Big Ben struck to mark the beginning of the silence , the queen , and her husband Prince Phillip , laid wooden crosses in memory of the fallen as part of the annual Field of Remembrance ceremony .
The assault has claimed the lives of 18 US and five Iraqi troops and more than 500 militants in a battle that started Monday in the rebel bastion west of Baghdad .
Russian President Vladimir Putin early Thursday extended his condolences to the Palestinian leadership following the demise of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , which he described as a heavy loss for Palestinians , a Kremlin spokeswoman said .
A late penalty from City old boy Paul Dickov allowed beleaguered Blackburn to rescue a point in a 1 - 1 draw at Manchester City on Saturday .
Indonesia 's foreign minister was Friday to meet with Myanmar 's new premier , Lieutenant General Soe Win , in what is the first visit by a foreign dignitary to Yangon since a huge leadership upheaval .
The Philippines has asked France to evacuate 103 Filipinos trapped in civil unrest in Ivory Coast , the foreign department here said Friday .
" Vanuatu has recently decided to withdraw the communique signed in Taipei on November 3 to establish ' diplomatic ties ' with Taiwan , " foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
Waugh , who retired from international cricket last January after playing 168 Tests , gave little credence to Kiwi claims that they were underprepared for the tilt against the world cricket 's leading side after playing minnows Bangladesh .
The veteran Palestinian leader died early Thursday in the Percy military hospital outside Paris after being in a coma since the middle of last week .
At the 1994 WTO talks in Uruguay , South Korea was allowed to limit its annual rice imports to four percent of its domestic needs for 10 years until the end of 2004 .
A prominent Christian pastor and human rights activist was jailed Friday for three years amid concern by rights groups that Vietnam 's communist regime has stepped up its crackdown against religious freedom .
For the full - year 2004 , the German government is counting on GDP growth of around 1.8 percent .
Major League Soccer and the MLS Players Union announced here Thursday that they have agreed upon the first collective bargaining agreement in the American football league 's history .
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis , after US troops apparently loosened a strict no - entry policy , a spokeswoman said .
The Sudanese government 's chief negotiator insisted Thursday that a new African Union - brokered security deal for the war - torn western region of Darfur did not ban military flights or preclude the right of self - defence .
China still considers Taiwan part of its territory awaiting reunification despite their split in 1949 after a civil war .
Four out of five judges agreed that the challenge , brought by farmer George Quinnell who lost his farm two years ago , had no merit .
The dollar got some relief after the release of data showing the US trade deficit was unexpectedly cut to 51.6 billion dollars in September from 53.5 billion in August .
A total of 87 people died but the inquiry team is focusing primarily on 78 who were rounded up by security forces , piled into trucks and died largely through suffocation after a the riot .
Nigel Worthington is still waiting for his first Premiership victory after his Norwich side were thrashed 4 - 0 at Charlton on Saturday .
The news came days after Oracle upped its bid to 8.8 billion dollars , calling this its " best and final " offer in its 17-month takeover effort .
The greenback was quoted at 106.95 yen in late Tokyo morning trade , down from 107.08 yen in New York late Wednesday .
Rashid , a businessman who joined the government in a reshuffle in July , is due to meet US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick during his four - day visit , Egyptian - US Chamber of Commerce Chairman Mohammed Mansour said .
" His application to have the extradition proceedings suspended has been rejected , " a statement from the court said following hearings that took place on November 5 .
The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat creates the risk of further instability and conflict in the Middle East , New Zealand 's Foreign Minister Phil Goff said Thursday .
It was goalless at the City Ground until the 71st minute when King gave Forest , four - times winners of this competition , the lead .
Markets had churned in a narrow range for most of the day after early economic news was generally positive : The Labor Department reported jobless claims rose a less than expected 2,000 to 333,000 last week .
Yasser Arafat , the undisputed symbol of the Palestinian struggle for independence , died in Paris on Thursday .
Arafat , 75 , had been critically ill in a French military hospital since being airlifted from his West Bank headquarters on October 29 .
The chief economist at the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development described Russia Thursday as having come to a crossroads where it must choose between a state economy or one driven by the market .
But ultimately it was the United States which was in for a " real test " , it wrote , as Europe assesses whether the White House is heading toward further unilateralism or a newfound engagement with the world .
Scotland great Kenny Dalglish believes it could take 10 years for the country to qualify again for a major tournament .
Thousands of people took to the streets of Gaza City after the announcement of his death , unleashing volleys of gunfire into the air and setting fire to tyres , turning the air pitch black .
Last year there were 36 veterans still alive , and the year before 142 .
The blasts came as Batasuna , the banned political mouthpiece of armed Basque separatist group ETA , was expected to appeal on Sunday for an end to armed conflict in the northern Spanish region .
Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Saturday he had no news of the fate of three of his relatives , one of them pregnant , who were kidnapped this week and threatened with death .
It was to be placed overnight in the hospital of the Al - Galaa military complex , which lies on the airport road east of Cairo .
The statement said Carsky had apparently been killed after taking shelter in a school which had been taken over by French soldiers .
French gross domestic product grew by just 0.1 percent in the third quarter from the second , well below an estimation of 0.5 percent , figures released Friday by the national statistics institute Insee showed .
" Today , the day after his burial , no one came , " adds her mother , 71-year - old Embassir .
His network was discovered after two victims escaped and sought help at the Vietnamese embassy in Kuala Lumpur .
Swedish consumer prices rose 0.3 percent in October from the previous month , putting annual inflation at 0.8 percent , with higher costs for oil , clothing and cars fueling the increase , figures released Thursday by the national statistics office showed .
In the event of his death , a number of Arab heads of state are expected to attend Arafat 's funeral in Cairo , before he is buried in the West Bank city of Ramallah .
" I expect that today or tomorrow all the operations will end .
Tuqiri was having a nightmare of a start to the match and in the 16th minute he knocked on an eminently catchable kick by Michalak allowing the French to have a scrum deep in Aussie territory .
Norway 's latest bid to salvage Sri Lanka 's faltering peace process ended without a breakthrough Friday but the government and the rebels have pledged to continue to uphold a fragile truce .
Antigua had argued in the complaint it launched in March 2003 that the US prohibition was harming its online gaming business , which is aimed at reducing the island 's economic dependance on tourism .
The Central Bureau of Statistics has noted a rise in non - oil and gas imports this year with July recording the highest growth since the 1997 - 98 Asian economic crisis .
After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2894 dollars at 2200 GMT from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .
At this rate , the US military said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .
World 400 m champion Jerome Young of the United States has been banned for life for a second doping violation , the US Anti - Doping Agency announced Wednesday .
The visit comes on the heels of Arafat 's death , Bush 's recent reelection to a new four - year term and Blair 's stated interest in renewing efforts to achieve peace in the Middle East following his own support in the Iraq war .
Twenty six Saudi Islamic scholars called last week on the Iraqi people to resist the " occupying forces " , saying that jihad ( Holy War ) is a religious duty .
Japan said Friday its economy also posted 0.1 percent growth in the quarter , on faltering capital expenditure and exports .
Under the proposed new ruling , which will be put to the ICC Chief Executives ' Committee of the 10 Test - playing countries at its next meeting , in Melbourne in February , almost all modern bowling actions would be legal .
A policeman was killed when dozens of men attacked a government delegation in an area of Indonesia 's Papua province where alleged separatists shot dead six civilians last month , the military said Saturday .
" Miroslav Bralo , indicted by The Hague tribunal , has surrendered today in Bosnia - Hercegovina to representatives of the international community , " the ministry said in a statement .
When calculated according to a harmonised European index , Swedish inflation eased to 0.4 percent on a monthly basis from 0.8 percent in September and came to 1.4 percent for the year .
Police flew from Madras to Hyderabad in southern India late Thursday to arrest Saraswati in connection with the killing in September of Thiru Sankararaman , a once - close aide of the leader who fell out with him last year .
He said : " I think its essential we bring players in the winter .
As the dollar retreated , the euro smashed above 1.30 dollars for the first time Wednesday .
" I confirm what I said on Monday , it was right and necessary to say it , " Trichet was reported as saying , responding to a question about the dollar rate during the first OECD Forum in Palermo , Sicily .
Oil prices fall as market forecasts enough heating fu6 million in the week to November 5 , the eighth consecutive drop .
The panel harshly criticized the CIA in a report issued in June .
" For the last three years of his life , Arafat was incapacitated and held as a prisoner , humiliated by his physical incarceration and excluded by the other two leaders from any recognition as the legitimate head of the Palestinian community .
Iraq 's military spokesman for the assault , called Operation Dawn , admitted that conditions inside the city for the few residents still living there were grim .
They were scheduled to have met in Philadelphia last week but Sharapova withdrew before their semi - final with a sore shoulder .
The comment came as The Netherlands confirmed it would withdraw the 1,300 Dutch troops currently serving in Iraq by March 15 .
Before the fall of Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 the province was known as Al - Tamim , in reference to the nationalisation of Iraq 's oil industry in the early 70s .
In France there are only 15 , aged at least 105 -- last year there were 36 -- and none was able to attend the main French ceremony in Paris .
" The outcome of this operation in Fallujah will have far - reaching consequences on the security and political situations in the whole country , " Zebari said after talks with his Kuwaiti counterpart , Sheikh Mohammad al - Sabah .
Mideast - Arafat - US WASHINGTON US officials say they are ready to jump - start the Middle East peace process after the death of Palestinian patriarch Yasser Arafat , but are treading carefully with a host of unknowns before them .
During the official three - day mourning for businesses , members of the public and officials are welcome to visit the Muntada headquarters to pay their respects , the militant groups said .
The then US president Bill Clinton brought Arafat and then Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak to his Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland in July 2000 .
On Monday , the Securities Regulation Panel rejected Gold Fields ' arguments that Harmony Gold had unlawfully colluded with Norilsk .
" We have brought earth from Jerusalem " to Ramallah , the minister said on the eve of the funeral and burial of the veteran Palestinian leader , who died early Thursday at the age of 75 in a French hospital .
He had been in a coma since the middle of last week .
Indonesia - quake JAKARTA : Six people were killed and 100 injured , many seriously , after a succession of earthquakes measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale rocked an island in eastern Indonesia , police said .
Tsutsumi had stepped down as chairman of Seibu Railway in April in light of a racketeer payoff scandal , but stayed as head of Kokudo so that he could control the major railway operator substantially .
State Department spokesman Richard Boucher was equally silent on Powell 's future , but repeated a list of the secretary 's official travels through the end of the year , implying that no departure from office was imminent .
Fattuh 's installation was due to take place in a session at around midday ( 1000 GMT ) .
On Thursday , the official SPA news agency said the kingdom released six people who turned themselves in under a one - month royal amnesty for wanted militants offered on June 23 .
It was the result most of the crowd wanted at a match where there was a minute 's silence before kick - off in memory of former Liverpool and England captain Emlyn Hughes , who died Tuesday aged 57 following a brain tumour .
South Korea has staged a diplomatic drive to allay global concern about its nuclear experiments ahead of thee IAEA board meeting on November 25 on whether to refer the case to the UN Security Council .
SFOR spokesman Mark Hope told AFP there had been an operation during the day but gave no details .
Sheikh Ahmed is a leading member of the Al - Sabah ruling family and the son of Sheikh Fahd al - Sabah , the Kuwaiti emir 's half - brother who was killed by invading Iraqi troops on the first day of the invasion .
The Iranian news agency IRNA said the latest team of four IAEA inspectors had arrived Saturday and were scheduled to remain until November 23 .
Regular captain Craig Moore of Glasgow Rangers was also not considered for selection after a recent hernia operation .
Some 20,000 homes in Liverpool , northwest England , were plunged into darkness Thursday when a malfunction knocked out a 33,000-volt power line , officials said .
In Geneva , a United Nations human rights expert on Thursday called on the Khartoum government to immediately halt forced relocations of displaced people in the strife - torn Darfur region of western Sudan .
760 words moved by Joel Olatunde Agoi Stocks - US NEW YORK US stocks open higher as the technology sector gets a lift from bullish broker comments and the broad market resumes its upward trend after three sluggish sessions .
The last strike , on Saturday , targeted a French military camp in Bouake and killed nine French peacekeepers and a US civilian .
The minister had been scheduled to talk about the spending plan at a conference of the ruling centre - right Social Democrat party this weekend .
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Saturday that France was not in direct contact with the kidnappers of the two French journalists who have been held hostage in Iraq since August .
But the peace process was derailed when a Jewish extremist gunned down Rabin November 4 , 1995 .
After an initial stop in Ghana , where 68 passengers alighted , the plane flew the remaining 80 passengers to Paris and Cologne .
The euro fell to 136.75 yen after rising to 137.75 yen from 137.57 yen in New York and was flat at 1.2903 dollars .
Police sergeant Koyrudin Moroh , 32 , was shot three times by motorcycle gunmen after taking his wife to work in the southern province of Pattani .
The number of students from the Middle East continued to drop by nine percent , after a drop of 10 percent a year earlier , while Europeans numbered five percent fewer .
The league 's ninth season comes to a end on Sunday with D.C. United and Kansas City meet in the playoff final MLS Cup match at Carson , California .
Rebels fought for their lives in Fallujah on Thursday as US troops closed in after losing 18 colleagues in three days of fighting that they said had left more than 500 militants dead .
Before Big Ben struck to mark the beginning of the silence , the queen , and her husband Prince Philip , laid wooden crosses in memory of the fallen as part of the annual Field of Remembrance ceremony .
The Thai government plans to launch a Buddhism public relations offensive , officials said Thursday amid a rash of savvy commercials by evangelical Christians in the majority - Buddhist kingdom .
" I feel terrific , " Aleta Saint - James glowed at a news conference Wednesday at Mount Sinai hospital .
Former Palestinian prime minister Mahmud Abbas , who was appointed Thursday as the new overall leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) after the death of Yasser Arafat , is a polished and moderate politician more admired abroad than at home .
" I first suggested he would ride the first three months - mainly because he 's so familiar with the Belgian classics ; and then move into the new job of team director .
He won the Nobel peace prize 10 years ago after signing the Oslo peace accords but the peace process collapsed four years ago with the launch of the Palestinian intifada or uprising against Israeli occupation .
Peugeot of France on Saturday denied a report from Tokyo that it was in talks with scandal - hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors over a comprehensive alliance that includes a capital tie - up .
South Africa , who won both matches on their last Test tour of India in 2000 , are scheduled to play a three - day practice game at Jaipur from Sunday before Tests in Kanpur ( Nov 20 - 24 ) and Calcutta ( Nov 28-Dec 2 ) .
His Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said Thursday that Madrid had answered a US request to help evacuate its citizens from crisis - torn Ivory Coast in a Spanish military jet .
The government on Friday also agreed to the creation of a center for the prevention and fight against maritime pollution .
New Zealand 's capital Wellington came to a Remembrance Day standstill Thursday as the remains of an unknown soldier killed in France during World War 1 were entombed .
Iraq 's most wanted man Abu Musab al - Zarqawi has fled Fallujah with one of his top aides , the country 's national security advisor said on Saturday after declaring an end to a six - day US - led offensive on the city .
Peace talks between the Sudanese government and two rebel groups in the Nigerian capital of Abuja produced a breakthrough agreement Tuesday committing both sides to a complete cessation of hostilities .
Two people arrested in an apartment in The Hague after a 14-hour police siege Wednesday are suspected of terrorist conspiracy with the aim of murder , a prosecutor said .
The Canaries last won a Premiership encounter in March 1995 against East Anglian rivals Ipswich but on this evidence that long wait is not about to end .
Analysts said the market 's initial reaction to the data was overdone , especially as US crude oil inventories increased by 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million , about average for this point of the season .
Military sources said one Palestinian was wounded after Israeli border police responded to a large riot with " non - lethal means " , in a fracas that also wounded two border police and damaged seven Israeli vehicles .
African Union Commission chairman Alpha Omar Konare paid tribute Thursday to Yasser Arafat , saying he died while pursuing the " noble cause " of independence for the Palestinians .
" The first half was good but the second we lost our way , " said the 44-year - old .
The Red Cross and Red Crescent have expressed deep concern about a developing humanitarian crisis among those of Fallujah 's 300,000 residents who stayed behind after the fighting started .
Palestinians were preparing Friday to bury their iconic leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem .
There were unconfirmed reports in January 2000 that Zawha may suffer from lymphatic cancer or leukemia after she was rushed from Gaza to a Cairo hospital .
On Sunday , a Turkish driver was shot dead and two others were injured by masked gunmen in northern Iraq .
With my way of thinking , you always shoot for the top , " he told CBS 's " 60 Minutes " in an interview broadcast last month .
" This time , they took everything , " said Babette , who was heading back to France after 35 years in Ivory Coast . "
The comment was in response to a request from Japan 's chief delegate Mitoji Yabunaka for North Korea to agree to a new round of six - nation talks by the end of the year .
A nursing assistant at the emergency ward said the woman who lost her foot died later .
HANOI : NHAN DAN " PM Khai to go on tour of African countries in November " Prime Minister Phan Van Khai will pay official visits to Algeria , Morocco and South Africa from November 17 - 25 , the Foreign Ministry announced on Wednesday .
He called on the Dutch people " not to get caught up in the maelstrom of violence " after a spate of attacks on mosques and Christian churches in the Netherlands .
Two Palestinian gunmen were shot dead by Israeli forces Wednesday during a firefight in the northern Gaza Strip , the Israeli military said .
" Combined with a streamlined cost structure , our greatly expanded customer base as of the end of the year will open up outstanding prospects for continued earnings growth in fiscal year 2005 " , said chairman Thorsten Grenz in a statement .
Yasser Arafat 's death leaves the Palestinian people " at the doorstep of Jerusalem , " which the veteran leader had sought to make the capital of an independent Palestinian state , a half - sister of the deceased president said here Thursday .
An Indonesian court on Thursday ordered the country 's election body to pay a total of one trillion rupiah ( 111 million dollars ) for millions of voters it failed to register in this year 's polls .
After initialling the accords , the display on a sunny day on the South Lawn turned out to be a triumph for Arafat , Rabin and Clinton , though all looked nervous .
Indian shares fell 0.33 percent Thursday , receding from the nine - month high hioncerns about interest rate hikes after Diwali .
US stocks opened higher Thursday as the technology sector got a lift from bullish broker comments and the broad market resumed its upward trend after three sluggish sessions .
Witnesses said calm around the besieged apartment house returned Wednesday evening .
The document is the product of a meeting of the Commission last month in Ethiopia , and is intended to set out the goals for a full report on Africa 's future to be released early next year .
Fewer than 1,000 prisoners remained at MACA on Wednesday , among them 99 women , whose cells stayed firmly locked , they added .
Brazil is China 's top trade partner in Latin America , and last year the Asian giant became the South American nation 's third - largest trading partner , after the United States and Argentina .
One of India 's top Hindu religious leaders , Jayendra Saraswati , has been arrested for alleged involvement in the murder of a temple official , police said Friday .
" Rangers were really strong and showed it by coming back to equalise before the end of 90 minutes and finally winning the game in extra time .
Eleven people have been killed in clashes between insurgents and US and Iraqi forces in the northern Iraqi town of Baiji and a curfew imposed , a local official said Wednesday .
For the July - September quarter , core orders fell 8.4 percent from the previous three months , well short of 1.8 percent growth the government had forecast in August .
Three Basque Socialist lawmakers said on Friday called on the Socialist government in Madrid to consider revoking the ban slapped on Batasuna under the previous government in March 2003 , if it comes out clearly in favour of peace .
Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa on Wednesday stressed the need to uphold the principle of land for peace for a Mideast peace settlement and urged Washington to act as " honest broker " to move the stalled process forward .
" Jerusalem Day " demonstrations were inaugurated in 1979 by the Iranian Ayatollah Khomeini to foster hostility towards Israel .
In April , DaimlerChrysler decided against injecting fresh capital into Mitsubishi , forcing the Japanese auto maker to look for help from fellow Mitsubishi group firms and other investors to finance its restructuring .
Masked rebels stormed into six Iraqi police stations in the northern city of Mosul on Thursday , seizing weapons and torching buildings , according to an AFP correspondent in the city .
Rumours were rife before the game that this was a win or bust match for the manager who had five draws and five defeats in his first 10 Premeirship encounters .
During the UN General Assembly in September , Brazil , Germany , India and Japan launched a united bid for permanent council seats .
French gross domestic product grew by just 0.1 percent in the third quarter from the second , well below an estimation of 0.5 percent , according to figures released Friday by the national statistics institute INSEE .
German gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by a meagre 0.1 percent in the period from July to September , the federa
The 57-year - old prankster was handed a 12 month suspended sentence at the end of August , and was handed a 3000 euro fine and barred from all sports events for the attack .
The US trade gap shrank unexpectedly in September as exports hit a record high , the government said Wednesday , offering hope the weakening dollar is finally mopping up red ink .
Officials have said one of the reasons for the poor response could be that some employers were witholding the wages of the illegal workers , in some cases for up to six months .
Coalition forces searching a suspected insurgent " slaughter house " found a black flag , straw mats covered in blood and a wheelchair that was believed to have been used to move around hostages who were bound , a US commander said Thursday .
Premium income reached 12.9 billion euros in the quarter , up 25.9 percent from the 10.237 registered a year earlier .
Following the announcement of Arafat 's death Thursday , black and Palestinian flags went up around the camp , which consists of a hundred - odd tents scattered around a disused football pitch .
Saudi Arabia has released six people who turned themselves in under a one - month royal amnesty for wanted militants , the official SPA news agency reported Thursday .
The AU had on Saturday after a crisis meeting held at Obasanjo 's farm in Otta , about 60 kilometres ( 38 miles ) north ola - ade / nb
Last month the country held its first direct presidential election .
Parliamentary speaker Rawhi Fattuh was sworn in as caretaker head of the Palestinian Authority on Thursday after Arafat died in a French military hospital .
Just one - and - a - half days into the operation , marines found alive Mohammed al - Jundi , the Syrian driver who was kidnapped with French journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot , the staff sergeant said .
Arafat was pronounced dead in Paris Thursday after falling critically ill and being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Ten artists bested their own records , including Maurizio Cattelan , whose nearly life - size sculpture of an elephant , " Not Afraid of Love " ( 2000 ) , brought 2.75 million dollars after having been estimated at 700,000 to 900,000 dollars .
" Certainly , the government and its allies will not hesitate to re - impose the state 's authority in all areas of Iraq , " Zebari said after talks with his Kuwaiti counterpart , Sheikh Mohammad al - Sabah .
The statement was released late Friday to coincide with the Eid al - Fitr celebrations , the news agency said .
Dell has also made inroads into computer peripherals such as printers , and said its peripheral and software sales rose 37 percent over the year - ago period .
They will meet at Old Trafford where last month United 's 2 - 0 win ended the reigning champions English top - flight record 49-match unbeaten run .
Better known by his nom - de - guerre Abu Mazen , a name taken from his dead first - born son , Abbas quit as Arafat 's first - ever premier in September 2003 .
Singapore and Thailand on Friday signed a long - term agreement allowing their air forces to train in each other 's countries , the Singapore defence ministry said .
Zhang said diplomatic ties had existed for 22 years and Beijing looked forward to continued cooperation .
Egypt has offered to help train Palestinian police ahead of an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip planned for next year .
The US Federal Reropean Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing added his voice in a newspaper interview published Wednesday .
Former Ivorian prime minister and popular opposition leader Alassane Ouattara flew in to Johannesburg early Thursday and was due to meet with Mbeki later in the day .
" The curfew will run every day from midnight ( 0900 GMT ) to 4:00 am ( 0100 GMT ) , " Najaf provincial governor Ghaleb Jazairi said Saturday , without giving a reason for the measure .
" Over the past decade , I 've also come to know the character of this man .
Young was caught taking the anabolic steroid nandrolone in June 1999 .
" Mr Obasanjo has called for a high - level security meeting tomorrow morning to discuss the security situation in Anambra .
And of next year he predicted : " I firmly stick to our forecast of 2.5 percent growth and lowering of unemployment . "
Crystal Palace manager Iain Dowie refused to become embroiled in a war of words over Liverpool striker Milan Baros following his team 's 3 - 2 defeat at Anfield on Saturday .
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki on Thursday mourned the late Yasser Arafat , and described him as the " symbol of the Palestinian people " , an official statement said .
The US military said on Thursday that it had used air and ground fire on suspected insurgent positions .
Scotland play the Australians again on November 20 and round off their autumn series by entertaining South Africa at Murrayfield a week later .
Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende on Wednesday warned people " not to get caught up in the maelstrom of violence " .
The Athens Summer Olympic Games cost host country Greece nearly nine billion euros ( 11.7 billion dollars ) , Greek Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis said Friday , citing definitive figures .
Then US forces encircled the city on October 15 , in part to prevent rebels from escaping .
French President Jacques Chirac paid final respects Thursday to Yasser Arafat in a sombre moment of quiet at the military hospital outside Paris where the Palestinian leader was declared dead overnight .
Arafat has been in a military hospital outside Paris in deteriorating health since October 29 .
ZFS 's share price had risen by 1.2 percent an hour after trading opened on the Zurich stock exchange to 180.6 Swiss francs .
Protests demanding his release regularly attract thousands , and his 19-year - old son Qassam 's imprisonment in December on charges of involvement in an anti - Israeli attack have contributed to his image as a " martyr " .
Mekbebe was to stay in Accra only briefly before making his way to Cameroon and then , he thought , eventually back to Abidjan to take stock of his assets and plan for his future .
Americans Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman will defend their title against 11 rival duos starting here Friday in the 2.5 milion - dollar Franklin Templeton Shootout .
Norway said in a statement last week the purpose of Petersen 's visit was to ask the two sides " whether they wish to move towards resuming negotiations . "
There is a huge Palestinian diaspora across Latin America and the community of 300,000 in Chile , one of the largest in the world , was to hold an ecumenical prayer service Sunday in Santiago .
Yet he does n't believe this is enough to merit inclusion in the England squad which will be named later Saturday .
The Israeli army and police were placed on a maximum state of alert Friday for fear of unrest breaking out in the lead - up to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's funeral and burial .
But Chinese state media , quoting a top financial official , said Wednesday that the country would need to develop an onshore derivatives market among other instruments before the peg can be scrapped .
Arafat 's death was confirmed Thursday one week after he fell into a coma while receiving treatement at a French military hospital outside Paris and 40 years after he became the leader of the Palestinian cause .
Arafat died early Thursday in a French military hospital outside Paris , where he was airlifted on October 29 for urgent medical treatment .
I am supposed to go to Brussels tomorrow ( Sunday ) , " Mbeki told reporters .
Two truckers , one Turkish the other Iraqi , were also found shot dead the same day north of Baghdad .
Arafat has been in a military hospital outside Paris with deteriorating health since October 29 .
800 wmid South African - led efforts to resolve the crisis in the volatile west African nation , as residents of the commercial capital Abidjan prepare for a citywide clean - up after a week of vandalism and violence .
Up to 5,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since a flare - up in violence in Ivory Coast last Thursday , according to the UNHCR 's headquarters in Geneva .
AFPLifestyle - SKorea - health - food SEOUL : A South Korean environmental activist who tried to live for 30 days on junk food has abandoned his diet after doctors said he was risking his life .
US - led forces occupy almost the whole of Fallujah but it will still take some time before the rebel enclave is secure , a US marine spokesman said on Friday .
US troops have wrested the Iraqi city of Fallujah from insurgent control , although the battle for the rebel stronghold is not over , US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Saturday .
Abdelrahim confirmed that Arafat will be buried on Friday in the Muqataa headquarters where he had been under virtual Israeli house arrest for the almost the last three years of his life , after a funeral service in Cairo .
On Wednesday , before Arafat 's death was announced , Bush said a new , post - Arafat Palestinian leadership could offer a chance for peace in the Middle East .
On Thursday , the committee said the home of its president Hareth al - Dari west of Baghdad had been raided by US soldiers along with that of another member , Sheikh Abdel Salam al - Kubeyssi .
The name of one of those detained Wednesday by Dutch authorities appears on a document found on Casablanca suspect Abdeladim Akoudad when he was arrested in Barcelona in October 2003 , ministry sources said without naming the individual .
" In the fourth quarter and next year , we expect incoming orders to grow at their current level , which is considerably higher than in previous years , " MAN said .
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said Sunday that his government knew that the hostages were " still alive a few days ago , " after a botched attempt in September to rescue them .
He said several militant hide - outs had also been destroyed in the ongoing offensive , with an extra 7,000 troops backed by helicopter gunships pouring into the western tribal region of South Waziristan on Friday .
The Committee believes that , even after this action , the stance of monetary policy remains accommodative and , coupled with robust underlying growth in productivity , is providing ongoing support to economic activity .
And for the year as a whole , Allianz said it was pencilling in a " balanced year - end result after restructuring expenses for Dresdner Bank . "
A first group of around 140 foreigners , including some 100 of the 590 Italians living in Ivory Coast , arrived in Rome Saturday after their evacuation .
" The IAEA is under the obligation to issue its report in a time frame pretty much two weeks before the board meeting , " the diplomat said .
The Jordanian monarch accused Arafat of reneging on his promise , and a series of agreements signed between them were cancelled almost before the ink on the documents was dry .
Tradition has it that the starting date stems from the days when tax collecting ended at around this time .
Never before has an Hispanic served as head of one of the four major cabinet posts . "
The WTO paved the way for retaliatory sanctions in August , following seven months of arbitration triggered when Washington failed to repeal anti - dumping legislation , known as the Byrd Amendment , by an end - December 2003 deadline .
The deaths brought the total number of people killed since the beginning of the intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 to 4,574 , including 3,539 Palestinians and 961 Israelis , according to an AFP count .
A bitter lawsuit that threatened to cripple the charity set up to honour Britain 's Princess Diana has been settled out of court averting a messy trial in a US court , the charity said Wednesday .
Indonesia 's growth target this year is 4.8 percent but newly - installed President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono says he hopes the economy would expand between five and seven percent under his leadership .
Municipal council leader Hamed Hachem told AFP Wednesday that " a curfew has been in effect in town since midday and for an indefinite period , until order is re - established . "
Sri Lanka 's Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapakse will attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , a spokesman said Thursday .
The transfers were reported by French banking surveillance authorities between July 2002 and July 2003 , and magistrates wanted to find their origin .
A spokesperson for Abdullah said the premier would attend a funeral service for the late Palestinian leader in Cairo on Friday .
India on Friday celebrated the biggest Hindu holiday of the year , Diwali , or the festival of lights .
EU - Iranian nuclear talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag , even as deadlines are beginning to fall in the crisis , diplomats told AFP Wednesday .
A boy was killed and five people were injured , including four security personnel , when a military convoy was targeted in a bomb attack in Pakistan 's wild tribal region , an official said on Saturday .
The top French soldier in Ivory Coast earlier said that women had been raped in anti - French violence that erupted there over the last week .
" I was just fighting to get in the Championships , " said Zvonareva , who had lost her opening match to US Open champion and fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova on Wednesday . "
Flags flew at half - mast at the United Nations on Thursday , hours after the announcement that the 75-year - old had died in a French military hospital .
At least six people were injured in a later bombing at 3:00 pm ( 0800 GMT ) at a resting spot for taxi drivers at Bukita village in the neighbouring province of Narathiwat .
The accord was denounced by the Young Patriots , who ran riot for days in Abidjan , looting and torching anything French , and has still not been implemented .
Chinese President Hu Jintao Thursday expressed condolences over the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called him " a brilliant leader " and " a great friend " of China .
Kuwaitis shed no tears Thursday over the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who had always refused to apologize for his perceived support of the 1990 Iraqi invasion of the oil - rich emirate .
The Sunday Times added that British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would go to Israel next week " to meet key members of ( prime minister ) Ariel Sharon 's government " .
Contact Energy , which Friday announced the sale of its Australian retail business Red Energy -- just five months after the business was launched , rose four cents to 6.24 dollars .
Australia signalled a new hardline approach on welfare for its Aboriginal people Thursday as it vowed to end " sit - down money " -- generous handouts for doing little .
The Supreme Court trial had been expected to wind up later Thursday , but the expert testimony turned out to take longer than anticipated and closing statements were pushed back to Friday morning .
" The Jordanian sovereign will go to Cairo on Friday to attend the funeral of Palestinian president Yasser Arafat , " the source told AFP on Thursday .
On Friday , Cypriot President Tassos Papadopoulos invited Turkey for talks on issues that could hurt its bid to join the European Union -- namely Ankara 's rejection to recognize the Greek Cypriot government of the divided island .
On 20 minutes Celtic eventually created a chance when they were awarded a free - kick on the left following a foul on Juninho .
A national guardsman was killed and 17 people injured in separate attacks north of Baghdad on Thursday , including an a car bombing against the governor of Kirkuk , who escaped unharmed , police said .
" This morning , he experienced shortness of breath " and checked himself into George Washington University Hospital " on the recommendation of his doctors , " spokesman Ken Lisaius told AFP by telephone .
After leaving the Middle East in early 2001 , to the fury of Palestinians who saw her as betraying their cause for luxury , Suha has since divided her time between Paris and Tunis , where the PLO was based .
Soumayah claims he was wrongfully fired in June this year without being told the reason .
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw will represent Britain at the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo , he said on Thursday .
Three suspected illegal immigrants were killed trying to cross a minefield n of Fallujah and about 200 fighters detained , Iraq 's national security advisor said on Saturday .
Gbagbo also denied giving the order to bomb French soldiers in the northern town of Bouake on Saturday . "
Spanish anti - terrorist magistrate Baltasar Garzon indicted him in September of last year along with some three dozen other suspects for their alleged connections to Al - Qaeda , and has requested his extradition under a new Europe - wide arrest warrant .
The jet took off for Cairo , where world leaders will gather to honor the 75-year - old Arafat at an official funeral on Friday , and then to the West Bank city of Ramallah for burial .
French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin had said 1,300 of the 14,000 French nationals in Ivory Coast had signed up to leave after a wave of xenophobic violence and vandalism swept through Abidjan since Saturday .
Street fights erupted after a night of shelling as die - hard rebels fought on , despite losing most of their rebel enclave , west of Baghdad , to the US - led military , in the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion .
Unilever said it has been in the Philippines for 77 years , directly employing about 1,700 people .
" He still has a few weeks to go to complete the coaching course he is doing in Germany and I would hope that he still has a role here to play .
The ECB has held its central " refi " refinancing rate steady at 2.0 percent since June 2003 .
The six judges of the Appeal Court took up their jobs again after resigning en masse in 2002 when the monarchy refused to abide by a court ruling that effectively scrapped an eviction order from King Mswati III .
US President George W. Bush said that the death of Yasser Arafat , announced early Thursday , was a " significant moment " in the hiing raid on a French base Saturday that killed nine French soldiers and a US national .
" We felt there was an opportunity there today .
The Greek government is to sell its remaining 7.46 percent stake in the National Bank of Greece , the economy ministry said Thursday in a statement .
We do n't think any country ought to make concessions to kidnappers , " he said after being asked to comment on the kidnapping in Iraq .
There has been a dip in violence since Thursday ahead of the festival .
We know we have to lift for next week and raise the bar in every area . "
News of the death was announced at daybreak by Tayeb Abdelrahim , the head of the Palestinian Authority leader 's office , outside the Muqataa .
" We are willing to use peaceful means but we have to use both negotiations and a crackdown since there are four to five civilians killed every day , " he said .
The letter could then be included in the report for an IAEA meeting in Vienna on November 25 that will consider US charges that Iran is secretly developing nuclear weapons .
India plans a far - reaching overhaul of its outdated banking system to enable it to keep pace with the technological revolution sweeping the sector globally , the finance minister said Thursday .
There is a huge Palestinian diaspora across Latin America and the 300,000 community in Chile , one of the largest in the world , was to hold an ecumenical prayer service on Sunday in Santiago .
The confrontation began in October 2002 when US officials said North Korea had admitted in a bilateral meeting to pursuing a covert uranium - enrichment programme .
" North Korea has not perpetrated acts of terror or engaged in assisting them since 1987 , in fact we are unable to find today any evidence today linking North Korea to terrorist organisations , " he said .
Militants who professed their loyalty to the veteran leader clashed with official security forces in July 2004 demanding his resignation .
Twenty - seven people died in a gas explosion at a coal mine in central China Thursday , state media said .
Police evacuated five city streets and banned air traffic over the Hague after the suspects hurled a grenade that injured three officers in the pre - dawn raid .
The Ho Chi Minh City 's People 's Court sentenced ringleader Vu Duc Anh , 33 , to 13 years in prison Wednesday , while his 38-year - old female accomplice Ly Thi Huong Lan was handed an 11-year jail term .
Pamela Seals filed the suit in Los Angeles on Tuesday , a day after the 68-year - old former playboy Reynolds launched a pre - emptive lawsuit against her in Florida , claiming Seals is trying to extort money from him .
The PKK , now also known as KONGRA - GEL , waged a bloody 15-year war for self - rule in the mainly Kurdish eastern and southeastern parts of Turkey -- claiming more than 36,000 lives -- before announcing a unilateral ceasefire in 1999 .
The central bank 's overnight rates currently stand at 6.75 percent for borrowing and 9.00 percent for lending .
The United States has set up a 100 million dollar recovery fund to help several Caribbean countries rebuild communities damaged by a series of devastating hurricanes , the State Department said Wednesday .
" I think us and the French take a philosophical approach where we like to win games by attacking rugby , " said Jones , who has been in charge of the Wallabies for four years .
Nepal - Maoist ) MANILA : Socio Economic Planning Secretary Romulo Neri to hold presser at 0200 GMT after threat of sovereign ratings downgrade by Moody 's Invetors Service . (
At least six people were killed and scores injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials and radio reports said .
A parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe warned Wednesday that the country could run out of food before next year 's harvest , casting doubt on the government 's forecast of a bumper crop .
The ban , imposed in April when quarantine officials here detected mold in US oranges , would be lifted by early next year .
Civilians hiding in Fallujah , where US and Iraqi troops have clashed with rebels since Monday , are dying of starvation and thirst and something must be done to help them , the spokeswoman said .
France made the first real inroads into their opponent 's half after Brusque failed to find touch but Clyde Rathbone allowed the ball to slip through his hands and go out for a throw in .
Concerns that more stringent measures may need to be taken has prompted Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao to repeatedly warn of the dangers of overheating and the need for further tightening .
Speaking after a cabinet meeting on Friday , Widodo said the extended emergency would likely last for less than six months and apply only in certain areas of Aceh .
Three Palestinians were killed in an Israeli incursion in Gaza City on Thursday , while a 22-year - old Palestinian man was shot dead in the West Bank , Palestinian medical sources and witnesses said .
Several hundred Palestinians marched through the streets of central Ramallah on Thursday to pay tribute to their veteran leader Yasser Arafat , who died early in the day at a French hospital .
Philippine share prices closed 0.79 percent lower Thursday , extending losses on continuing concerns the country faces a potentially costly credit ratings downgrade , dealers said .
World vicnd captain Ruben Wiki turned the match in the visitors ' favour for the first time with ten minutes to go , with the Kiwis fifth try from forward Ali Lauiti'iti after 76 minutes killing off French hopes .
Fatah announced in February a proposed resolution expressing hostility toward continued violence against the Jewish state and calling for a " peaceful struggle " against it .
They said local investors have so far refrained from profit - taking despite the long holiday ahead as many of them expect foreign buying to continue after the holiday .
The United States on Thursday warned of possible attacks against US citizens and interests in the Middle East and North Africa following the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Financial markets in Malaysia are closed on Thursday for a public holiday .
The number of Taiwanese who want rapid independence from China has reached a record high 21 percent , despite Beijing 's repeated threats to crush any such moves , according to a survey released Saturday .
They said French Prime Minister Jean - Pierre Raffarin would lead an official ceremony at the Villacoublay military air base outside Paris before the plane took off .
Meanwhile , Bank Indonesia deputy governor Maman Sumantri said the average inflation rate in 2005 was likely to be around the same level as this year despite the government 's plan to allow fuel prices to rise in 2005 .
Civilians hiding in the city , where US and Iraqi troops have clashed with rebels since Monday in a bid to gain control , are dying of starvation and thirst and something must be done to help them , said a spokeswoman .
The South African president met with his Ivorian counterpart Laurent Gbagbo and afterwards praised the leader 's " commitment " to carry out peace accords signed last year .
Israeli opposition Labor party leader Shimon Peres , who shared the Nobel peace prize with Yasser Arafat in 1994 , on Thursday criticized the Palestinian leader for continuing on the path of " terrorism " .
Sweden 's Annika Sorenstam , who is not entered here , has already clinched her seventh LPGA Player of the Year Award .
The Middle East was expected to figure prominently when Bush meets Friday with British Prime Minister Tony Blair in Washington .
His arrest followed that of 10 Pakistanis on September 15 , since remanded in custody on suspicion of membership of a terrorist group and drug - trafficking .
The Sudanese government and two rebel groups in Darfur reached a breakthrough agreement Tuesday committing both sides to a complete cessation of hostilities .
But while Hearts suffered a shock defeat at Sable Batie , Cotonsport buried Santos under a four - goal avalanche and snatched a one - point advantage they held since .
A Californian wanted by the FBI may be the Al - Qaeda operative who threatened a new wave of attacks on the United States in a recent videotape , a US intelligence official said Thursday .
A French government plane carrying Yasser Arafat 's body left Paris late Thursday for Cairo , where representatives from around the world were to attend a funeral service for the deceased Palestinian leader .
Hon Hai lost 2.50 at 128.00 , First Financial was down 0.50 at 27.40 and Asustek shed 0.50 at 76.00 after reporting October sales figures .
South Korean share prices closed 1.79 percent higher Friday , with sentiment underpinned by NASDAQ 's rally , falling oil prices and the government 's planned economic stimulus package , dealers said .
Yasser Arafat 's coffin was loaded onto a plane to be transported to the West Bank town of Ramallah Friday , after foreign dignitaries paid a tribute to the Palestinian leader at a military funeral in Cairo .
Roads were closed to traffic in the Egyptian capital , whose streets were deserted as people marked the last Friday of Ramadan and prepared to watch the Palestinian leader 's funeral on television .
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo Thursday expressed hopes that the successor of deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat would continue the search for peace .
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw added his condolences about Arafat , 75 , who died in a French military hospital early Thursday after being airlifted there from his Ramallah headquarters nearly two weeks ago .
The judicial source said he was released from custody in the evening and placed under house arrest for seven days at his east Jerusalem home .
Following is a list of other international statesmen who have died lingering deaths : - General Francisco Franco , Spain 's long - serving dictator , died on November 20 1975 at the age of 83 , after 35 days suffering serious heart problems .
" We will expedite that in the next few days . "
Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf last month publicly outlined a formula to resolve the Kashmir dispute .
" I came to bow before president Yasser Arafat and pay him a final homage , " Chirac told journalists after his 25-minute visit .
The militants have held Annetta Flanigan of Northern Ireland , Shqipe Hebibi of Kosovo and Filipino diplomat Angelito Nayan since October 28 and want 26 comrades freed before they release their captives .
The offensive was launched late Monday in an effort to break the back of a persistent Iraqi insurrection to provide greater security for elections planned for January and encourage a wider participation in them .
Under the Palestinian Basic Law , he is due to serve for 60 days , by which point elections must be held .
Among active shares , Coca - Cola fell 21 cents to 40.96 after the soft drink giant said it anticipates weakness in several key markets in 2005 and lowered long - term targets for both volume and operating income growth .
Police flew from Madras to Hyderabad in southern India late Thursday and arrested the leader in connection with the killing in September of Thiru Sankararaman , police said .
Arafat , 75 , died in a French military hospital at nearby Clamart , where he had been taken nearly two week ago .
Thousands of people were believed to be in the Habaniyah area , some 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) away , US forces spokesman Mohan said Tuesday .
Since the November 2 murder of outspoken filmmaker Theo van Gogh by a suspected Muslim radical , Dutch security services have cracked down on Islamic extremism .
The Post quoted Widodo as saying the government will consult with legislators about extending the emergency status after Yudhoyono makes a decision on the issue .
Microsoft opted to bring today 's high - tech software to speakers of Quechua as it is the most widely spoken indigenous language in Latin America , by almost 10 million people , said Marushka Chocobar , Microsoft 's educational liaison in Lima .
By contrast , Valencia have not won in their last nine outings and coach Claudio Ranieri will be under huge pressure not to let that sorry record extend into double figures at home to Real Zaragoza on Saturday .
He added that Iraq would also be discussed at the White House summit on Friday .
SYDNEY : THE AUSTRALIAN " Death gives peace a chance " Yasser Arafat , leader of the Palestinian people for more than three decades , died in a French hospital yesterday , opening the opportunity for a new era in the Middle East peace process .
Dickov , Blackburn 's leading scorer , made no mistake from the spot and ensured he scored against his former club for the second season running .
The attack came a day after a home - made bomb exploded in Asadabad , the capital of northeastern Kunar province , injuring a teenage boy , he said .
The victims , all members of influential clans in the republic , disappeared on the night of October 11 .
Five other church members were sentenced to between nine months and two years behind bars during the one - day trial that was closed to diplomats and foreign reporters .
The 37-year - old Bralo , also known as Cicko , turned himself in last Wednesday .
Veteran Peugeot driver Marcus Gronholm set the early pace for the event he has won three times , covering the opening stage in 1:32.9s -- 0.3 seconds faster than championship leader Sebastien Loeb of France in a Citroen .
Ivory Coast has been locked in a low - level civil war since rebels launched a failed bid in September 2002 to oust Gbagbo .
France has rediscovered 140,000 forgotten Chinese labourers who helped win World War I for the Allies by clearing mines , repairing roads , unloading ships , but whose contribution went unsung for decades .
The first round campaign was condemned by European and US officials because state - controlled television that dominates Ukraine 's screens gave almost no coverage to Yushchenko 's campaign , instead focusing on Yanukovich 's decision to boost pensions just weeks before the elections .
In the event that ( Soumayah ) resisted or protested , Minnelli would threaten him with termination , " the suit said .
They spoke once or twice by telephone or through Sharon 's son Omri , but contacts were broken off with a new wave of attacks in June 2001 .
A day later , amid conflicting reports about whether Arafat is conscious , a French medical source said he was " brain dead " and only still breathing thanks to artificial life support systems .
Sentence reductions are regularly given to prisoners of good conduct on major religious holidays and on Indonesia 's Independence day .
The police official said while it was not known what started the fire it was possible that children bursting firecrackers a day after Diwali , the Hindu festival of lights , had set off the blaze .
One year later the king was angered when he learned through the media that Arafat sought an Israeli withdrawal fromose to the throne following the death of his father in February 1999 .
Earlier , Peres criticised Arafat for continuing on the path of " terrorism " after signing the Oslo peace accords that the two sealed in concert with then Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin .
Fajim Jusfar Mohamed Mustafa , 35 , was found about eight kilometres ( five miles ) from the crash site late Wednesday , Deputy Prime Minister and Defence Minister Najib Razak was quoted as saying by the Bernama news agency .
Mijailovic , who answered a few questions during his first trial but remained silent through the appeals court trial , on Wednesday again refused to answer questions in court .
Military contractors and information - technology innovators formed a consortium to develop the war net on September 28 , the Times said .
Ganguly , who played a four - day domestic game to assess his fitness , said he was confident of appearing in the big match on Saturday .
Kawari was held hostage for three days by Iraqi militants .
Total private - sector machinery orders in September rose 1.9 percent from August and were up 7.1 percent from a year earlier .
The first French airliner carrying evacuees from Ivory Coast landed Wednesday evening at Charles de Gualle airport outside Paris , officials at the airport said .
During his globe - trotting days of the 1980s and 1990s , the travel plans were kept under wraps .
He added that Iran will be sending a high - ranking delegation to Arafat 's funeral , due to take place in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Friday before he is buried on the same day at his West Bank headquarters in Ramallah .
The pilot shut off the engine , extinguishing the fire and dumped excess fuel over the ocean , before aborting the plane 's intended journey across the Pacific Ocean and landing safely in the second biggest US city .
The experts , from Angola , the Central African Republic , Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo , are charged with preparing a meeting of mines ministers from their respective countries due to take place in Brazzaville on Monday and Tuesday .
" Barghuti was convicted to life in prison and he will stay in prison until the end of his days , given that he was implicated in numerous terrorist attacks that caused the deaths of numerous innocent Israelis , " Shalom told reporters .
After the survivors were pulled out , rescuers clad in orange jumpsuits and helmets used inflatable bags to lift a coach up and free a body pinned underneath .
On Friday , a jury convicted Danilov of fraud , which is a separate charge from the spying conviction the state is pressing against him .
Most analysts expected the central bank to keep the overnight interbank borrowing rate steady this month .
MONDAY , NOVEMBER 8 -- In a pre - dawn raid , multinational forces seize a hospital and two bridges on the western edge of the city , in a prelude to the impending offensive .
After Brazil , it will be the Caribbean .
On the negative side , corporate spending fell 0.2 percent after rising 0.6 percent in the April - June quarter while exports rose only 0.4 percent after a gain of 3.6 percent .
Street fights erupted after a night of shelling as die - hard rebels fought on , despite losing most of their insurgent enclave , west of Baghdad , to the US - led military , in the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion .
" After all I have been a cyclist for the greater part of my life : 30 years I 've been on that bike ! "
Swaziland 's highest court finally resumed hearings on Thursday after a two - year feud between its judges and the monarchy was resolved .
Masked rebels stormed into six Iraqi police stations in the northern city of Mosul on Thursday seizing weapons and torching buildings , said an AFP correspondent in the city .
European heads of state and government will decide at a December 17 summit whether to give the green light to opening talks with Turkey .
The number of full - time jobs increased by 19,300 over the month and part - time employment was up by 24,300 jobs , more than doubling market expectations of an overall improvement of 20,000 new positions .
City 's form sagged badly after that .
" Discussions have started and it should be clear if Marwan will become the candidate for Fatah within one or two weeks , " she told AFP .
Several Croatian newspapers on Thursday quoted former Pfizer director for Croatia , Zdenko Bucan , as saying that he had blown the whistle on the payments and had been sacked for speaking out .
" Young , 28 , was suspended for life from all sanctioned competition beginning November 3 , 2004 .
Celtic and Rangers will be desperate to pick up full points this weekend before the second Scottish Premier League Old Firm match of the season on Saturday week .
The seasonally adjusted rate , however , remained unchanged at 3.5 percent in October , the National Statistical Office said .
Order of play for Sunday 's singles semi - finals at the three million - dollar WTA Tour Championships : Starting at noon ( 20:00 GMT ) Amelie Mauresmo ( FRA ) v Serena Williams ( USA ) Followed by Anastasia Myskina ( RUS ) v Maria Sharapova ( RUS ) afp04
" But at this stage , I 'm fully confident I will get through five days and I 'm looking forward to playing the Kiwis again . "
I think it is possible , " Bush said after a summit with British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
US - Iraq - Bush WASHINGTON : International support for Iraqi elections scheduled for January is essential and " growing , " US President George W. Bush said , even as another member of the US - led coalition confirmed it would withdraw troops in coming months .
The three countries signed the so - called Adriatic charter with the United States in May 2003 hoping to increase their chances of joining NATO .
In its November monthly bulletin , the ECB said that in its regular quarterly " Survey of Professional Forecasters " , the experts had revised downward their eurozone growth forecast for 2005 to 2.0 percent from 2.1 percent previously .
It has not been immediately clear what caused the outbreak of violence in Anambra , which was condemned on Thursday by the Nigerian senate , but it is thought to be linked to a long - running political feud in the state .
On November 1 , some 200 relatives of the French tourists who died in the crash demonstrated in front of the Egyptian embassy in Paris to complain about the delay in the investigation .
He also pledged that elections to choose a new leader of the Palestinian Authority would take place before January 9 .
The euro fell to 136.92 yen after rising to 137.75 yen from 137.57 yen in New York while rising to 1.2918 dollars from 1.2903 dollars .
Morocco 's King Mohammed VI praised Arafat 's tireless fight for a Palestinian state , as neighbouring Algeria declared three days of mourning .
" In four years , " Bush said of Ashcroft , " he has reorganised the Department of Justice to meet the new threat of terrorism .
He has hailed US President George W. Bush 's leadership since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States and publicly endorsed the president 's re - election bid .
THURSDAY , NOVEMBER 11 -- US forces say they aim to control all of Fallujah by November 13 , as they launch house - by - house battles to secure neighbourhoods from north to south of the city .
At this rate , it said it expected to achieve total control of the Sunni rebel enclave within 48 hours , even as insurgents regrouped in the south and fought from inside central mosques and other buildings .
It would be the perfect end to this year to build up confidence to start next year , " Safin said .
Arafat , 75 , had been critically ill in a French military hospital since being airlifted from his West Bank headquarters on October 29 , and in a coma since the middle of last week .
In both calm and tense times , Hirsch regularly visited Arafat at the Muqataa , as his headquarters is known , even after Israel placed the leader under virtual house arrest nearly three years ago .
Israelis wishing to attend the burial service would have to sign a document before entering Ramallah that would absolve the Israeli army of all responsibility for their security , officials said .
Arafat died early Thursday at the age of 75 .
Britain 's Guardian newspaper reported Saturday that Barghuti , who is widely regarded as the inspiration behind the Palestinian intifada , was planning to run in the election from his Israeli prison cell .
" At the African Union 's headquarters ( in Addis Ababa ) flags were flown at half - mast this morning " he added , explaining they would remain so for three days .
At the time it acted in coordination with other Group of Seven countries to buy euros and sell dollars after the eurozone unit plunged to a record low of 0.8230 dollars .
His time in the middle will be invaluable before Brisbane as he attempts to improve on his poor record against Australia .
" I would like to carry out our humanitarian mission from the standpoint of Iraqi people , " Colonel Kizuku Fukuda , who leads the fourth Iraq reconstruction assistance brigade , told a news conference after the farewell ceremony .
Gudjohnsen struck first , 10 minutes into extra time , when his powerful shot from the edge of the box went in off the right post .
As night fell , fierce fighting exploded in the Jolan district of northwestern Fallujah , where the heart of the resistance is thought to beat .
Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira failed in attempting a headed clearance , allowing the ball to run to veteran defender Naybet , who neatly controlled it at the back post before drilling Spurs ahead .
In what appeared to be a coordinated attack one day after a curfew was imposed on the restive city , gunmen pulled up in front of police stations in various parts of the city , forcing policemen out .
Intense clashes flared on Saturday afternoon in the south of Fallujah between marines and " Arab fighters " , a US officer and AFP photographer said .
wept Umm Ahmed , after signing the book .
The ruling coalition of Social Democrats and Greens started floating the idea of a minimum wage in recent months , following a groundswell of popular opposition to the government 's labour market and social security reforms .
" We were disappointed that we did n't make the most of the ball in the second half , but we are happy with the result and that 's what we came here for , " he said .
In the last major coordinated action , September 22 , 2000 , the eurozone joined Japan and the United States for the first time since 1995 .
Gaza City , which in 1994 welcomed Yasser Arafat back to Palestinian turf after decades in exile , on Friday was to organise its own funeral procession for the veteran leader whom many considered a father .
Another amendment for a meeting to discuss how to achieve full democracy after 2008 was also vetoed by the Legislative Council .
Aegon adjusted its year - earlier numbers to show the loss of indirect investment income after a change in policy from smoothing out investment returns over a 30 year period .
First Wilson tried his luck on 68 minutes when he spotted Hedman off his line and tried a chip from 25-yards but the Swedish international brilliantly to track back and save under the bar .
Thursday is the 50th anniversary of Veteran 's Day , which then US president Dwight D. Eisenhower proclaimed in 1954 to replace Armistice Day as an event intended to honor all servicemen and women , present and past .
Icelandic police have arrested a British man following the death of a Danish air force officer in an apparent brawl at a bar at Keflavik early Saturday , they said .
Scores of red - eyed Palestinians wept outside Yasser Arafat 's Ramallah headquarters on Thursday as thousands took to the streets across the West Bank and Gaza Strip to mark their leader 's death .
Seals , who says she lived with Reynolds from 1993 to this year , claims she quit her job and moved from state to state to live with Reynolds in a " confidential relationship " and that Reynolds asked her not to work .
About 750 people , according to police estimates , most of them members of the Muslim community , demonstrated Saturday in Berlin against Israeli policies on the occasion of " Jerusalem Day " .
" While reviewing documents I found suspicious payments which prove that over seven to eight years Pfizer was paying significant amounts , on a regular monthly basis , to two top Croatian doctors , " Bucan told the Novi List daily .
A witness told NOS earlier she heard shots Wednesday aftere - end
European Central Bank chief Jean - Claude Trichet said Thursday he stood by comments he made earlier this week about " brutal " and " unwelcome " exchange rate movements which has seen a record rise in the euro - dollar exchange rate .
The fifth edition of the Vendee Globe set off from the French Atlantic coastal town of Les Sables - D'Olonne on November 7 for three tough months of 25,000 miles non - stop sailing .
On Wednesday the Spanish interior ministry said it believed Akouad could be linked with a suspect detained in the Netherlands over the November 2 killing of controversial Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh .
" The number of Hispanic households is expected to increase at a faster pace than that of any other group in the United States , continuing a demographic explosion that began several decades ago , " the board said .
Arafat , regarded by his foes as a terrorist and his people as a freedom fighter , began the journey to his final resting place in the city that has been his virtual prison for almost three years .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair , whose troops took part in the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 to oust former president Saddam Hussein , urged the US - led forces to stand firm .
For more than a decade , the rabbi , who always wears traditional black garb and hat , was one of the Palestinian leader 's most frequent guests at his West Bank compound in Ramallah , where he will be buried Friday .
The Dutch presidency of the European Union denied having called an extraordinary meeting of EU foreign ministers for Thursday evening in Cairo , the day before Yasser Arafat 's funeral in the city .
The rate cut upset market expectations because the bank had previously rejected repeated calls for lower rates , saying such a move would have little impact on stimulating the economy and only encourage higher prices .
The accident came just two days after a blast at a coal mine in Henan province kiled 33 .
Prudential last month unveiled its plans to sell new shares , in a move that it said would help the group to expand in its home market and comply with new accounting regulations .
The last incursion , which lasted for 10 days in September 2002 , saw Israeli troops polish off the destruction , leaving only Arafat 's living quarters and office still standing .
European stock markets rallied on Thursday , with the London FTSE 100 index rising 0.90 percent to 4,776.90 points .
They are owed a staggering 360 billion yuan ( 43 billion dollars ) by their employers , with some still waiting to get paid for jobs they did 10 years ago , according to a nationwide investigation earlier this year .
German gross domestic product ( GDP ) shuddered to a near - halt in the period from July to September , growing by a meagre 0.1 percent , Destatis calculated .
Meredith Orr put the Kiwis ahead on 31 minutes but Natasha Keller levelled for Germany a minute after the break and Tina Schutze grabbed the equaliser after Lizzie Igasan had again put New Zealand in front .
Israel has sealed off the West Bank but Palestinians living inside the occupied territory were making their way to Ramallah to pay homage to the man who dominated Palestinian political life for the last four decades .
Some 4,575 people , including 3,540 Palestinians and 961 Israelis , have been killed since the start of the Palestinian intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 .
" The medical officials say he should be ready to play but it is impossible to say at this stage whether he is likely to start or be on the bench , " a Real Madrid spokesperson told AFP on Thursday .
French President Jacques Chirac led tributes from around the world , calling Arafat " a man of courage and conviction who for 40 years incarnated the Palestinians ' fight for recognition of their national rights . "
About 20 Jackson fans stood before MTV 's studios in Times Square as Jackson blasted Eminem and his video .
Meshaal himself was the target of an assassination bid by Israeli agents in Amman in September 1997 .
Anglo - Dutch consumer goods giant Unilever said Friday it will close a peanut butter , condiments and pasta factory in the Philippines next year as part of a regional restructuring plan .
Allianz , the German insurance giant , upgraded Friday its full - year premium income target as well as the 2004 earnings target for its banking unit Dresdner Bank after a better - than - expected performance in the first nine months .
Military officials said the Norwegians travelled to the north in a military helicopter and were expected back here before sunset .
The two days of voting will be the fourth multi - party elections to be held since 1989 when the United Nations supervised a vote that paved the way to independence a year later .
Sunday also sees Bryan Robson take charge of West Brom for the first time with the visit of his former club Middlesbrough to The Hawthorns .
Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei on Saturday urged a resumption of the Middle East peace process , saying everyone should focus their efforts on it in the wake of Yasser Arafat 's death .
" The dollar has looked pretty horrible for the last month or so .
Crusaders chief executive Hamish Riach said Blenheim was also considered and after careful consideration of both venues , Nelson was chosen .
When calculated according to a harmonised European index , French prices rose 0.4 percent from September , and 2.3 percent on a 12-month basis .
Significantly , fresh vegetables fell 9.5 percent in October .
The 71-year - old native of the southern state of Alabama would be the third Bush cabinet member to resign since Bush 's November 2 re - election , after Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans .
At the signature of the Oslo peace accords on September 13 , 1993 , Rabin had exchanged a historic handshake with Arafat , the then leader of the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) .
US stocks churned in a narrow range Wednesday as markets digested a much - expected quarter - point rate hike by the Federal Reserve and a statement suggesting more increases are on the way .
The Finnish government upped on Thursday its 2004 economic growth forecast from 2.9 percent to 3.2 percent , citing mounting exports , investments and consumption .
The death toll marks a dramatic acceleration in the campaign which Pakistan , a major ally in the United States ' " war on terror " , has been waging for the past eight months .
Britain knew about an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea at least five weeks before a team of mercenaries was nabbed in Zimbabwe as they prepared to carry it out , the Observer newspaper reported Sunday .
Australian police said Sunday they had intercepted the country 's largest ever shipment of the party drug ecstasy , hidden in commercial kitchen equipment sent from Poland .
Richard Wong , the general manager of Creative Pest Management , told AFP of one late night call his company received of a python nearly two metres long inside a 19th - storey apartment of a modern condominium .
The French economy hit a rough patch in the third quarter , throwing the government 's full - year growth target into question amid signs of an economic slowdown in the 12-nation eurozone .
President George W. Bush on Wednesday named White House counsel Alberto Gonzales as the new US attorney general , making him the highest ranking Hispanic in any US administration .
French captain Fabien Pelous was starting to say the same thing before he reined himself in and tactfully suggested that perhaps it was n't an individual 's fault but that of the team as a whole .
Russian prosecutors announced they had found the partly charred remains of seven bodies in a mine shaft Monday .
Roads were closed to the traffic in the Egyptian capital , whose streets were deserted as people marked the last Friday of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan and prepared to watch the Palestinian leader 's funeral on television .
Mideast - Germany - demo BERLIN : About 750 people , according to police estimates , most of them members of the Muslim community , demonstrated in Berlin against Israeli policies on the occasion of " Jerusalem Day " .
" We are mourning twice in a few days ; for the death of Sheikh Zayed and for Abu Ammar ( Arafat 's nom de guerre ) , " Palestinian journalist Jamal al - Majayda told AFP before breaking into tears .
In the nine months to September 30 , net profit grew to 1.69 billion euros from 1.60 billion on operating revenue of 3.32 billion , up from 3.00 billion .
Cuban President Fidel Castro on Thursday led Latin America 's mourning for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , while Palestinian communities across the continent staged their own tributes .
The UN Security Council was expected to pass a resolution on Wednesday setting a December 1 deadline for Ivory Coast 's government and rebels to implement a peace deal or face UN sanctions .
O'Neill meanwhile admitted he thought his side were on track to extend their run against Rangers to eight wins after John Hartson 's 66th - minute header put them ahead .
Haitian interim authorities , which took over after Aristide 's departure , should take " the necessary judicial measures so that the prosecution of the former regime does not have the characteristics of vengeance , " Garcia said .
Pope John Paul II on Thursday said he shared in the pain of the Palestinian people over the loss of their leader Yasser Arafat and had prayed for him , the pontiff 's spokesman Joaquin Navarro - Valls .
Police on Friday confirmed they had received an autopsy report saying the body of a leading Indonesian rights campaigner , who died in September on a flight to the Netherlands , contained excessive levels of arsenic .
Schiffer , the 34-year - old who was one of the most recognized faces of fashion in the 1990s , and Vaughn , 33 , married in 2002 .
Uday Bhaskar , deputy head of the military - funded Institute of Defence Studies and Analysis thinktank argued the premier 's offer was not an attempt to hoodwink people with a mere troop redeployment during the winter as some claim .
Some 40 people died and over 3,100 were injured when a series of tremors rocked Niigata over a 19-day period beginning on October 23 , with the biggest quake registering 6.8 on the Richter scale .
rmed minutes later by Estripeau .
The event was due to be held December 9 to 13 in Yangon , where a new convention hall has been built for it and temples and hostels spruced up .
There were no immediate r a minimum for the dividend in coming years , too .
US troops and Iraqi national guardsmen , backed by ever - more reluctant police , have been conducting sweeps since a series of car bombs and attacks on police stations over the weekend killed 36 people and left scores wounded .
France began evacuating its nationals and some other Europeans on Wednesday from Ivory Coast , where at least 145 people have been killed since last week when the country 's two - year - old low - level civil war saw a sharp upswing in violence .
Keeping in mind his own Labour Party 's prospects at elections expected early next year , analysts said , Blair will try to win a US determination to rescue the Israeli - Palestinian peace talks from four years of violence .
" I recall our many meetings in past years , including during my visit to Gaza in 1998 , when there seemed to be so many reasons to be optimistic about the prospects of a two - state solution becoming a reality .
Hopelessly outnumbered , and with their leaders apparently gone , rebels said they would fight to the end for their stronghold , which became a no - go area for US forces after a battle in April ended in stalemate and the military withdrew .
" This is the second time we 've been looted .
The country 's first presidential elections were held successfully on October 9 without the long - feared violence and bloodshed and despite a barrage of threats by the Taliban .
During his second visit , Putin will meet with outgoing Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma , the Kremlin said in a statement .
Williams explained : " This is one of the few opportunities we will get before the tournament to play so many Test matches in such a short period of time .
The rebels said last week they had not abandoned their " right to secede " despite agreeing at the third round of talks to explore a federal solution to the conflict .
The Baltimore Sun reported Thursday that his sponsors , Visa and PowerBar , have come to the support of Phelps , who has issued an apology for his actions .
Britain has sent troops to prepare for an imminent evacuation of the country 's nationals from violence - torn Ivory Coast , Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon said in a statement on Thursday .
But earlier in the day , scuffles broke out bett 2:45 am ( 0145 GMT ) a special squad of the police made an attempt to arrest suspects in an ongoing terrorism investigation .
The key federal funds target rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , rose to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent .
Spain , which retains a desire to win back sovereignty , and Britain agreed last month to create a new forum for dialogue between London , Madrid and Gibraltar .
Solberg 's team was not immediately sure if they could repair the damage to the steering rod , which could allow him to re - start in Saturday 's second leg , but has ruled him out of any chance of finishing in the points .
With attacks continuing almost daily , defence volunteers in three southern villages had started returning guns to authorities saying they feared being targeted by Islamic militants , the Nation newspaper reported Friday .
Nominated by Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye , he replaced Alphonse Kadege , whom Ndayizeye sacked for political " sabotage " earlier this week .
On December 17 , EU leaders will take a p backs a return to talks based on the UN plan .
Fisher and Paykel Appliances gained 13 cents to 4.30 dollars and Fisher and Paykel Healthcare added six cents to 3.07 dollars after interim results .
Arsenal raced to a 3 - 1 lead through Lauren 's penalty and Patrick Vieira , but Tottenham immediately reduced the deficit when England striker Jermain Defoe struck a superb curling shot on the hour .
The US Central Intelligence Agency is in turmoil , with several senior officers threatening to leave , due to internal conflict under new director Porter Goss , The Washington Post reported Saturday .
Earlier Thursday , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority raised its base interest rate to 3.5 percent from 3.25 percent , tracking the rate hike in the US .
Brazilian striker Giovane Elber made attempts Thursday to placate his club Lyon after undergoing a second operation on his broken leg in Germany without first seeking their permission .
The Spectator 's associate editor Rod Liddle , formerly editor of BBC radio 's flagship public affairs show " Today , " meanwhile had a very public bust - up with his wife over a fling with a 23-year - old assistant at the magazine .
After the Armistice , the Chinese , each identified only by an impersonal reference number , were shipped home .
Juventus extended their lead at the top of Serie A to six points on Wednesday after they scraped a 1 - 0 home win over Fiorentina and closest rivals AC Milan were held to a goalless draw at Brescia .
Palestinian authorities imposed a security clampdown around Ramallah early Friday as thousands of mourners headed to the West Bank town to bid farewell to their veteran leader Yasser Arafat .
Luong was to meet Wednesday with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula de Silva after which the two were to join their respective cabinet ministers in a work session , the ministry said .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived in Washington on Thursday for talks with President George W. Bush dominated by a quest for Middle East peace after the death of Yasser Arafat .
However , the price jumps are considerably lower than those experienced this time last year , resulting in a lower annual inflation figure , the paper said .
Brian Nobles 's Great Britain avenged October 's 12 - 8 defeat against Australia when Rooney 's last minute try sealed victory for the world champions .
Fifty - two - year - old Michel , a French national whose father was Ivorian , has no idea what he will do when he and his family arrive in France after 20 years in Ivory Coast .
Impoverished Mongolia has offered to put up 1,500 victims of a major Japanese earthquake and is preparing to send camel hair blankets to the affected area as a gesture of concern , officials said Friday .
Tottenham manager Jacques Santini said he left the north London club because he was not in control of recruitment , he said on French television on Saturday .
An African Union summit on the crisis in Ivory Coast is expected to be held on Sunday in Abuja and African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo has invited several African leaders to the meeting , his spokeswoman said Thursday .
The key federal funds target rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , rose to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent , by unanimous vote of the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) .
A Palestinian woman who gave birth to twin boys on Thursday named them Yasser and Arafat in honour of the late Palestinian leader , hours after he died in a Paris hospital , medical sources said .
The world bid farewell to Yasser Arafat as a military funeral for the veteran Palestinian leader began in Cairo on Friday at a ceremony in Cairo attended by foreign dignitaries but closed to the public .
Chen and Zhao expressed disappointment at once again failing to lift the China Open title after their third final .
McGeady played a great through ball for McNamara and he rounded the keeper before chipping across goal for Hartson to head into the empty net .
On Thursday , seventh - placed Messina host Palermo in the Sicilian derby , the first time the teams have met in Serie A. sb / jd04
This decision followed the briefing he got this afternoon from Governor Ngige , " she said .
Invited to address the UN General Assembly in November 1974 , Arafat summed up his philosophy in words still relevant three decades on .
Even with the peace process back in the spotlight , analysts remained wary of predicting any breakthough following Thursday 's death of Yasser Arafat , long blamed by Israel and Washington for the deadlock .
" We will continue to engage pockets of resistance in the city and eliminate them one - by - one until the job is done , " Gilbert said .
Abidjan 's international airport , near the French base , was expected to reopen Monday to commercial traffic .
Wd Bank report Thursday warning that developing countries are lagging behind in the race to sharply reduce the number of deaths among pregnant women and children under the age of five .
Arsenal produced a five - star display in an amazing game lit up by stunning goals , seven of which were scored in an action - packed second half , which restored Arsene Wenger 's side to the top of the Premiership .
All of the institutions had been headed by Arafat , the veteran leader who has dominated Palestinian political life for the best part of a half a century .
A fourth airliner was expected to take off Thursday morning with 512 passenger , he said .
The Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades emerged out of Fatah 's membership during the early days of the current intifada and are composed of largely autonomous cells spread throughout the Palestinian territories , primarily in the West Bank .
" We will continue to engage pockets of resistance in the city and eliminate them one by one until the job is done . "
China Thursday said it knew nothing about a submarine that entered Japanese waters near a disputed gas field sparking a high seas chase , but was watching the issue closely .
He explained that on November 16 and 17 , foreign ministers would hold a preparatory meeting that would deliberate on the final draft of the declaration to be presented to the government leaders .
From September 2003 until Arafat 's dramatic departure from the West Bank for treatment in France late last month , Abbas kept out of the spotlight , retaining many of his key positions and trying to patch up his differences with Arafat .
Japan on Friday called off the search for a suspicious submarine that intruded into its waters two days ago setting off a chase on the high seas , the defense chief said .
Asked about the situation in the south of the city , where violent clashes had erupted Saturday afternoon , he said : " The mission is accomplished and there only remains these few pockets , which are being cleaned up . "
China said Thursday Pyongyang was waiting to see if there was any change of attitude by the newly re - elected Bush administration on the North Korean nuclear issue before it commits to restarting six - nation talks .
Yanukovich said he had agreed to take part in a live televised debate with Yushchenko before the second round is held , despite earlier ruling out a direct confrontation with his rival .
End - September , net debt stood at 1.712 billion euros .
Algeria will observe three days of mourning for the late " courageous Arab leader " Yasser Arafat , officials said Thursday .
A month earlier a quake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale damaged more than 6,000 buildings and caused financial losses of about 12 million dollars on Bali and Lombok .
Bigley , 62 , was beheaded last month three weeks after having been taken captive by the hardline Tawhid wal Jihad ( Unity and Holy War ) insurgent group , which is led by Abu Musab al - Zarqawi .
The Football Association of Wales ( FAW ) look set to name a successor to Mark Hughes as national team manager after announcing that a press conference will take place on Friday .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who personified the Palestinian struggle for statehood for 40 years , died on Thursday at the age of 75 in a French military hospital .
In the most recent deadly incident , the bodies of 11 people were recovered off Turkey 's Aegean coast this week where a boat carrying illegal immigrants is believed to have sunk in bad weather late Tuesday .
The All Blacks will play Fiji in the opening Test of the 2005 international season , the New Zealand Rugby Union ( NZRU ) said Thursday .
" Our forces have killed some 30 to 40 militants this week and destroyed several terrorist hide - outs , " said South Waziristan field commander Major General Niaz Khattak .
" If the labour market does stay as strong as the leading indicators would suggest then that would support tighter monetary policy next year , " he said .
Allianz said it was pencilling in a " balanced year - end result after restructuring expenses for Dresdner Bank . "
World number two Andy Roddick and 37th - ranked Mardy Fish will lead the United States into next month 's Davis Cup final against hosts Spain , the US Tennis Association announced here Thursday .
But two second half goals from Habib Bamogo and Sergio Koke appeased the situation and allowed Marseille to temporarily take fifth place in the chasmpionship .
Penda , a Cameroonian national , has been the BBC correspondent in Congo for two years .
Boris Johnson , one of the most colourful figures in British politics , was axed Saturday from the front bench of the main opposition Conservative Party amid press reports that he lied about an affair .
Later Wednesday , Ivorian armed forces spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Jules Yao Yao announced there were 22 people killed and 547 injured in the days of rioting .
In February at least 28 people were killed when a succession of powerful earthquakes hit Papua province .
A few weeks ago this news might have had an impact , but now there 's no big interest . "
3 : Arafat is admitted to an intensive care unit after losing consciousness three times during the day .
China is facing water shortages of 30 - 40 billion cubic metres a year , state media said Saturday , threatening public health and economic development .
The Nigerian naira lost again this week against the pound sterling and the euro but firmed slightly against the dollar under the Dutch Auction System ( DAS ) , dealers said on Thursday .
The 14-year - old boy , who flew from Yunnan province 's capital city Kunming to Chongqing in the hour - long flight early Thursday , was found by airport porters after the plane landed , Beijing Youth Daily reported .
We never failed in practice after we returned from Skate Canada , " said Zhao , referring to Shen 's slip .
Motorists in Washington will be able to say " fill it with hydrogen " at a service station opening Wednesday , although analysts say large - scale use of fuel cell vehicles will take years .
A bitter lawsuit that threatened to cripple the charity set up to honour Britain 's Princess Diana has been dropped after an 11th - hour deal averted a messy US trial , the parties said Wednesday .
India and Pakistan have been engaged in a dialogue process since January aimed at resolving eight separate points of dispute between them , including Kashmir .
A car bomb ripped through one of the main shopping streets in central Baghdad on Thursday causing many casualties and sending a thick column of black smoke into the air , a police official said .
The Dutch government stepped up measures against alleged Islamic extremists Thursday amid calls for Queen Beatrix to unite the people as ethnic tensions mounted after attacks on mosques and churches .
A compromise agreed Tuesday paved the way for what was expected to be unanimous approval from the 15-member council .
Parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh is expected to serve as caretaker leader of the Palestinian Authority after Arafat 's death until Palestinian leaders divide control of their key institutions .
" We talked about it at half time and I thought we were much more positive in the second half , " he said .
The group organized a large antiwar protest in August .
Reliable population figures and clear boundaries of districts and provinces needed to be agreed upon before parliamentary seats can be assigned , he said .
The talk of intervention on currency markets comes after the euro smashed through the symbolic 1.30-dollar level on Wednesday for the first time since it began trading on foreign exchange markets in January 1999 .
And although electricity generation grew 15 percent year - on - year to 1.74 trillion kilowatt hours in the first 10 months , this is still insufficient to meet growing demand , he said .
Arafat died in the early hours of Thursday at a military hospital on the outskirts of Paris where he had been in a coma since the middle of last week .
" I was a bit disappointed that I never won the tournament in my home town , " said Chen after the match in Guangzhou , southern China .
LONDON : Oil prices fell as markets reckoned on there being enough heating fuel to meet demand in key markets once winter arrives , despite further drops in US stockpiles , analysts said .
On Friday , an audiotape posted on an Islamist website and attributed to Zarqawi , had called on fighters in Fallujah to resist US forces .
Irish captain Brian O'Driscoll said the win was testimony to the intense physical work the squad had done over the summer .
SYDNEY : Australian unemployment fell to a record low of 5.3 percent in October , prompting analysts to warn that the country 's powerhouse economic performance could increase pressure to hike interest rates early next year .
Witnesses said the shooting happened after clashes broke out at the entrance to the village .
Kazakh officials had earlier denied Uzbek claims that the attacks were directed from southern Kazakhstan , but later conceded that insurgents had crossed Kazakhstan en route to Afghanistan via the regional transit hub of Baku , in the Caucasus .
Spain coach Luis Aragones sprung a couple of surprises when he named his 18-man squad to face England on November 17 at Real Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu stadium here Thursday .
Brent North Sea crude for December slumped 1.73 dollars to 43.02 dollars in closing trade in London , having closed up 1.04 dollars the day before .
Sunni and Shiite figures have condemned the Fallujah assault , with Iraq 's main Sunni party quitting the government and calling for a boycott of elections due to be held in January .
Arafat had been hospitalized at Percy since October 29 .
The policeman said residents have set up camp outside their homes for fears of more aftershocks while tents had been pitched outside the island 's main hospital in the town of Kalabahi to treat victims .
Demonstrating the lawlessness that has shaken Iraq 's third city , looters rampaged through a palace in northern Mosul on Saturday that had been used by a foreign company , after the staff left , an AFP correspondent witnessed .
The United States on Thursday urged Palestinians to look beyond the death of their leader Yasser Arafat and move toward peace with Israel , promising help to reach their aim of an independent state .
The Palestinian leadership divided up the spoils of Yasser Arafat 's power Thursday , naming ex - premier Mahmud Abbas as Palestine Liberation Organisation supremo and senior PLO official Faruq Qaddumi as head of the dominant Fatah faction .
However , in an interview shortly before his departure Thursday , Blair stressed that this was merely " part of my job " .
" Even if the market does not really fear that there might not be enough heating oil for the winter , they think the supply will be very limited , " said Wachovia analyst Jason Schenker .
Australia 's government plans to make Aboriginal people sign behavioural " contracts " in order to receive state health care , unemployment benefits and other social services , a report said Thursday .
He ejected shortly before it crashed into an oil - palm plantation , and was stuck in a tree for four hours before he got down and found his way to a nearby river , Fajim told Bernama .
When the girl 's parents failed to come up with the money after a few days , Na raped the girl twice , with his girlfriend 's consent .
Turnout in the elections held over two days was staggeringly low -- less than one in five eligible voters , 18.4 percent , bothered to turn up at the polls .
Arafat is expected to be buried in the Muqataa headquarters where he had been under virtual Israeli house arrest for the almost the last three years of his life , while a funeral service will be held in Cairo .
Abulhassan , quoted Thursday in Al - Siyassah daily , said he instructed state TV not to interrupt its programmes to announce Arafat 's death and not to play verses of the Koran , the Muslim holy book .
But despite Iran 's delay in responding , Moussavian denied reports from the IAEA in Vienna of a snag in the diplomacy and that Tehran had asked for more concessions than the two sides had worked out in Paris last week .
" I do n't think it will have much bearing on the league game in ten days time and I expect a similar game .
A French government plane carrying Yasser Arafat 's body arrived in Cairo from Paris late Thursday , with representatives gathering from around the world to attend a funeral service for the deceased Palestinian leader .
Vice President Dick Cheney , who has a history of serious heart trouble , underwent testing at a Washington hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath , a White House spokesman said .
However , Kuwaitis shed no tears over the death of the man they accuse of supporting former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein , who invaded their country in August 1990 .
Liu Hongyi , an official with the city 's coal - mine safety office , told AFP that rescue operations had finished early Friday .
We express our condolences to the Palestinian people , " US President George W. Bush said early Thursday in a statement .
In the third quarter alone , Deutsche Telekom booked bottom - line net profit of 1.387 billion euros , compared with 508 million euros a year earlier .
" But after the troop reduction India should instruct its soldiers to change their behaviour in the state .
Meanwhile , reflecting the weakness in the economy , South Korea 's jobless rate edged up to 3.3 percent in October from 3.2 percent in September , due to fewer jobs in the retail and wholesale trade , hotels and agriculture .
The letter could then be included in the report for an IAEA meeting in Vienna on Novembe Western diplomat told AFP , referring to a tentative accord worked out in Paris last week .
" Vera was n't playing at her best today .
Around every 10 days , the trawler Hurinis is one of dozens steaming into the west coast port of Walvis Bay to offload 60 tonnes of freshly netted deep water hake , caught in the rich coastal waters off Namibia .
M1 , the narrow measure of money or cash and bank deposits , grew 12.6 percent on an annual basis at the end of October compared with a 13.7 percent rise in September .
" From time to time , history holds moments of great potential ... With the sad passing of Yasir Arafat , Palestinians have lost a leader who kept their hope of independence alive for more than half a century .
Major Tim Karcher and his men bask in a few moments of rest after charging for the past 36 hours through the streets of the Iraqi city of Fallujah in a race to secure two bridges .
Dresdner Bank , Germany 's second - biggest bank in terms of total net assets , turned in net profit of 360 million euros in the first nine months , compared with a loss of 411 million euros a year earlier .
The German insurance giant Allianz , German airline Lufthansa and the private equity firm Apax plan to list shares in their motorway service station joint venture , Tank und Rast , Lufthansa said Thursday .
A Wall Street listing was costing Siemens " a high double - digit millions of euros " ( dollars ) directly and indirectly each year , the source said .
" The evacuation of civilians began on Friday with health ministry ambulances transporting the wounded to Baghdad hospitals , " interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's office said in a statement .
A Nigerian court has rejected a bid by a former security chief to stop his trial for the attempted murder of a newspaper publisher and former minister in 1996 , court officials said Thursday .
Petersen is due to hold talks with Tiger supremo Velupillai Prabhakaran Thursday on the possible resumption of direct peace talks , which have been on hold since April last year when the Tigers walked out of the process .
But with points doubled in next week 's ADT Championship , several players are still mathematically alive in the hunt to finish runner - up .
The committal hearing is set down for 10 days .
It said in a statement it expected to achieve double - digit sales growth in the 2005 financial year .
Both were awarded for fouls on the industrious Czech striker , either side of a controversial second after Baros won a dubious free - kick .
Palermo 's Luca Toni 's struck the inside of the post with a right - footed shot in the 74th minute , before Messina 's second half substitute Atsushi Yanagisawa saw his header rattle the crossbar seven minutes from time .
The top advisor to Iran 's supreme leader called on Friday for " resistance " to international pressure over the Islamic republic 's nuclear programme , complaining that Tehran was subject to " idiotic and childish " demands .
The court must decide once and for all whether Mijailovic , a 25-year - old man with a history of mental illness , should be sentenced to life imprisonment or ordered to undergo psychiatric care .
" Clive Woodward said two years ago that Ireland were two years behind England and it caused a lot of fuss at the time , but I actually think he was right . "
AIDS activists in Kenya on Wednesday expressed fear that the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria might not launch a new round of funding for poor countries at the end of this year .
The World Trade Organisation on Wednesday confirmed that a US prohibition the cross - border gaming and gambling over the Internet was illegal under global trade rules .
But we 've been together for ten games this year and we won seven of them , which is a pretty good percentage in international rugby .
Bush has made little effort to move peace talks along since a June 2003 summit in Jordan to unveil an internationally drafted " roadmap " for peace aimed at the creation of a Palestinian state by 2005 .
The strength of the tremor , the third major quake to hit Taiwan this week , was reduced in the sea , seismologists said .
Japan failed to persuade a UN convention in Bangkok last month to ease the total trade ban on some Minke whale populations .
Since last year , Beijing has battled to rein in unruly economic growth , especially in the construction , steel and cement sectors , as Gross Domestic Product has run at well over 9.0 percent for the past three quarters .
The heads of three mosques in Iraq have been arrested by Iraqi forces in the last 24 hours , a committee of influential Sunni Muslim leaders announced Saturday .
Zurab Khizanishvilli created a good chance after 18 minutes for Rangers when he chipped the ball over the head of Jackie McNamara but his half - volley only found the side - netting .
After some early adjustment woes , Adu has been able to contribute to United 's bid for a fourth MLS title .
China 's inflation rate eased sharply in October as government efforts to cool the economy began to really bite , with food prices , one of the main culprits , showing some signs of slowing , official data showed Friday .
The US military said it attacked suspected rebel targets in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Thursday with air and ground fire after an upsurge in violence .
Prime Minister Iyad Allawi launched the largest offensive in Iraq since last year 's invasion as part of his efforts to crush a potent insurgency that bludgeons his US - backed government on a daily basis .
He later gave away two plane tickets to California in a draw and threw T - shirts into the audience , already laden down with freebies of state - made jelly beans , raisins and rice .
" I want to play on for as many years as people want to give me , " he said , " but when I start fading out and the legs start getting heavy , then I 'll look to do something else . "
Today they bombed the only telecommunications center which provided links between Fallujah and the outside world .
Roh will meet with Argentine President Nestor Kirchner Monday to sign agreements on education , trade and economic cooperation , mining , technology and agriculture , according to official sources .
In a statement updating its travel advisory , it said Britons in Abidjan should gather in the morning at either the British ambassador 's residence or at " the CHC office " opposite the Hotel Mali .
" I think it will be temporary and one day , when we have peace and we are alright as neighbours , president Arafat 's body will be moved to east Jerusalem , to the Al - Aqsa mosque , " negotiations minister Saeb Erakat said Wednesday .
US officials pledged Thursday to do their utmost to move Middle East peace prospects forward after the death of Palestinian chief Yasser Arafat , but faced a host of uncertainties in trying to revive stalled talks .
China said Thursday it is opposed to planned US duties on Chinese bedroom furniture imports despite the US Department of Commerce having removed many of the tariffs on several producers .
With Senate confirmation of his nomination , Gonzales will replace John Ashcroft , whose resignation was announced Tuesday .
Bush made one attempt during a Middle East tour in June 2003 to breathe new life into Middle East talks , based on the " roadmap " for peace drawn up by the United States , European Union , Russia and the United Nations .
Trading resumes Tuesday .
African Union chairman Olusegun Obasanjo was Wednesday consulting with African leaders with plans to convene an urgent summit to decide on action over the Ivory Coast crisis , an official statement said .
The siege ended after two men were arrested on suspicion of " terrorist conspiracy to commit murder " .
Eid is expected to be celebrated in Bangladesh on Sunday or Monday depending on the sighting of the new moon .
China Thursday said Vanuatu has withdrawn a communique signed in Taipei to establish diplomatic ties with Taiwan , and the Pacific nation was adhering to the one - China policy .
Officials also appealed for help from the international community to ensure that the polls to elect a new leader of the Palestinian Authority could be organized within the 60-day limit .
We get used to people here who have worked four hours and slept 20 .
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said his country would play its part in reviving peace efforts , which have been stalled ever since the January 2001 failure of a US - brokered conference in Egypt 's Red Sea resort of Taba .
ICoast - unrest - Germany - evacuation COLOGNE , Germany : A German air force Airbus arrived here after evacuating 148 foreigners from Ivory Coast , a government official said .
He confirmed that Energy Minister Sheikh Ahmed al - Fahd al - Sabah would lead the Kuwaiti delegation to the funeral on Friday .
" The first half was good but the second we lost our way , " said the 44-year - old . "
But he shrugged off the feat , saying : " It was a good day to be a kicker and I was only doing my job . "
Arafat -- a symbol of the Palestinian people 's struggle for statehood over the past four decades -- was admitted to tministers before the body is flown by helicopter to Ramallah .
All Russian defence ministry troops in war - torn Chechnya will be professional soldiers rather than conscripts from next year , Defence Minister Sergei Ivanov pledged on Thursday .
" A win in the SPL is always important , regardless of whether it is after an Old Firm game or before one , and so obviously I am happy to have won the game . "
The financial markets will be closed next week for the Eid al - Fitr festival and re - open on November 22 .
Beleaguered US actress - singer Courtney Love on Wednesday pleaded innocent to attacking a female musician with a whiskey bottle at the home of Love 's ex - boyfriend .
Messina climbed two places up to fifth in the Italian first division despite being held to a 0 - 0 draw at home to Sicilian rivals Palermo on Thursday .
The group has killed some 800 people in its campaign and was initially seen as the prime suspect for the March 11 train bombings in Madrid , which killed 191 people , before evidence emerged fingering Islamic radicals .
The new offensive launched on Friday was also aimed at hunting down former Guantanamo Bay detainee Abdullah Mahsud , who masterminded the kidnapping of two Chinese engineers last month .
" Normally derbies finish 0 - 0 or they are crazy - this one was crazy , " he said after the pulsating match .
Mijailovic was not present in court on Thursday , according to Nilsson . "
The United States pushed Asian economies Wednesday to make significant cuts in farm subsidies and open up their services sector to ensure the success of multilateral trade talks .
Williams will finish off round - robin play on Saturday against Lindsay Davenport , who reclaimed the world number one ranking from Mauresmo .
Vanunu was abducted by Israeli secret service agents in Italy , smuggled back to Israel and then jailed in 1986 after leaking top - secret details about the Dimona nuclear plant in the southern Negev desert to the Sunday Times .
Nigeria have made changes to their squad for Wednesday 's friendly against South Africa following withdrawals of several stars from the match in honour of former South Africa President Nelson Mandela .
Rabin gave a speech in which he quoted from the Bible : " We , the soldiers who have returned from battles stained with blood ... say to you today with a loud and clear voice : Enough of blood and tears .
However , the stockpile for distillates -- mostly heating oil and diesel -- fell by 100,000 barrels to 115.6 million in the week to November 5 , the eighth consecutive drop .
Their government has so far given us support and we believe that this support will be displayed again on December December 17 , " Gul said .
Under this old standard , inflation hit 7.1 percent in October and year - to - date inflation amounted to 5.1 percent .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down a fractional 0.96 point at 10,385.41 and the Nasdaq composite fell 8.77 points ( 0.43 percent ) to 2,034.56 at the closing bell .
New Zealand were trying to outfox Australia over their underdog status heading into this month 's Test cricket series between the two trans - Tasman rivals , former Aussie Test skipper Steve Waugh said Thursday .
The Windhoek - based Namibian monthly Insight recently described Pohamba as a " steady pair of hands " with his presidency " not about great leaps forward , but rather continuity . "
Pro - Western opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko narrowly won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential elections against the pro - Moscow candidate , whom he will face later this month in a runoff vote , according to official results released Wednesday .
Zander Diamond put the Dons ahead in the first - half and Darren Mackie doubled their lead just after half - time .
It is unclear where and at what level these negotiations would take place , and there was no public reaction from Turkish officials by Saturday afternoon .
In August 1918 , six months after arriving in the front lines , he was sent to Fontainebleau for officer training , and it was there , blissfully far from the trenches , that the news of the armistice reached him .
" There used to be an armed militia , organised by the local governor , which was officially dissolved under pressure in February 2004 because it was an llegal armed group , " the human rights observer said .
An African Union summit on the crisis in Ivory Coast will go ahead on Sunday without South Africa 's President Thabo Mbeki , said a spokeswoman for AU chairman President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria .
Prosecutors told the court there was " sufficient evidence " that the diabetic Saraswati , 71 , who was arrested on Thursday , would flee to Nepal if granted bail .
Four men convicted of playing minor roles in the October 2002 Bali bomb attacks have each been given a one - month sentence reduction to mark the Muslim Eid al - Fitr celebration , a report said Thursday .
On Wednesday , former president and top regime cleric Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said Iran was at a " crucial point " in its stand - off with the UN atomic watchdog .
" The importance " of these projects justifies the two presidents ' meeting , Kuchma said , asked about the reason why Putin was making a second visit to Ukraine in this election period .
The French newspaper Liberation reported Wednesday that the International Monetary Fund had found an 897.6 million dollar hole in the finances of the Palestinian Authority , most of it siphoned off import taxes .
Fires blazed from the battle - torn streets , after the US military resorted to heavy shelling , an AFP photographer said .
Launching the DVD version of the 1985 concert in London on Monday , Dublin - born Bob Geldof said the need for funds to help African countries was greater than ever .
The 67-year - old has worked closely with Arafat since the 1960s , working his way up the greasy poll of Palestinian politics to become speaker of parliament and then premier in September last year after his predecessor , Abbas resigned .
Pro - government politicians on Wednesday blocked a motion by Democrats which called on the government to immediately set up a meeting with Beijing to discuss direct elections in 2007 for the territory 's leader .
Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom is due in the United States on Sunday and will probably meet with Powell on Monday , the Israeli foreign ministry said .
Lee made the trip as part of a series of visits to Southeast Asian countries to introduce himself as Singapore 's leader after assuming the premiership in August .
" It obviously was an important moment in his life , considering his association with David and so it will probably be very good for him to have all that cleared behind him before the summer season starts , " Buchanan said .
1969 interview with Beirut 's Al - Sayyad paper after becoming head of the Palestine Liberation Organisation Palestinian strategy " Today I have come bearing an olive branch and a freedom fighter 's gun .
A district court sentenced Mijailovic to life in prison , but an appeals court later ordered him into psychiatric care instead .
Batty 's comments came after an Iraqi general said that troops found homes in Fallujah where foreign hostages had been held and in some cases slaughtered .
The provincial governor of Mosul declared on Tuesday a curfew until 6:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) Friday after at least five people , including three policemen , were killed in clashes throughout the city .
Rawhi Fattuh , former parliamentary speaker , was sworn in as interim leader in the wake of Arafat 's death for a period of 60 days until elections are held .
But Matt Williams 's squad will be bolstered this weekend by the return to the fold of players based in England , who were not released by their clubs for the Australia match .
Educated at special schools and living en masse , the children moved from Lebanon to Syria , to Tunis , before returning to the Gaza Strip when Arafat returned after decades in exile .
" It was our day and we knew we would win even before the game began , " he claimed .
The various parties will have two months to analyse the report and another two months to draft their conclusions .
Almost two decades later , the pontiff visited Palestinian refugee camps in the West Bank during his visit to the Holy Land in March 2000 .
Bank Danamon was up 75 at 3,800 ahead of its 178 rupiah interim dividend payment next month .
In Uruguay , businesses in the small northern city of Chuy near the Brazilian border , home to a large community of Palestinian origin , shut down for five hours as a sign of mourning .
Rows of jewel - toned bracelets and clothes create rainbow spectrums under the bright lights of Pakistani bazaars in the days before Eid al - Fitr , the festival marking the end of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan .
After months of deploring anti - Israeli attacks , Bush in September 2003 urged Palestinians to cast him off , declaring that " Mister Arafat has failed as a leader " , and telling them to find someone serious about fighting terrorism .
The results come after BT 's announcement on Monday that it had agreed to buy Californian voice and data network service provider Infonet Services Corp for 965 million dollars ( 744 million euros ) .
Asked if hostage records included the names of British aid director Margaret Hassan , French journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot or any other hostages still missing in Iraq , the general said : " I did not look closely . "
An unknown submarine was detected early Wednesday in Japanese waters near islands , which are disputed between Tokyo and China , about 300 kilometers ( 180 miles ) southwest of Okinawa .
China 's auto market slowed sharply in October , with car production tumbling 19.77 percent to 147,100 units compared with September while sales slumped 7.99 percent , data showed Friday .
Bayern Munich can move to within one point of Wolfsburg with all three points at VfL Bochum on Sunday .
Germany , the eurozone 's biggest economy , is already seeing its short - lived recovery run out of steam , separate data published by the federal statistics office , Destatis , showed on Thursday .
Hungarian industrial production rose 2.3 percent in September from the August figure and was up 6.7 percent on a 12-month basis , the central statistics bureau KSH reported Friday .
International support for Iraqi elections scheduled for January is essential and " growing , " US President George W. Bush said Saturday , even as another member of the US - led coalition in Iraq confirmed it would withdraw troops in coming months .
Mangou was hitherto commanding officer of the field of operations and directed the air and land offensive against northern - based rebels which climaxed last weekend with an assault on a camp full of French troops , nine of whom were killed .
On Thursday , Mijailovic was feeling so poorly that he did not show up in court , according to Nilsson . "
Doing things that they have n't seen Italy do before . "
At the time it acted in coordination with other G7 countries to buy euros and sell dollars after the eurozone unit plunged to a record low of 0.8230 dollars .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat may have avoided anointing a successor but efforts to ensure an orderly transfer of power began soon after he was flown out to his Paris deathbed late last month .
That presence has been violently contested the past week by forces loyal to President Laurent Gbagbo .
Mordechai Vanunu , who was freed in April after 18 years in an Israeli prison for revealing the country 's nuclear ambitions , was re - arrested Thursday at an east Jerusalem hotel , police said .
Trading in options contracts pushed the euro briefly to the new high , before profit - taking set in .
Five people have been jailed for selling Vietnamese women to prostitution networks in Malaysia , a court official said Thursday .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair attended a memorial service Saturday in the northwestern English city of Liverpool for Kenneth Bigley , who was beheaded last month after being taken captive in Iraq .
Uruguayan midfielder Olivera grabbed the winner 18 minutes from time , side - footing home from two yards out after Mauro Camoranesi had flicked on Pavel Nedved 's inswinging corner .
" The convoy entered Fallujah , just now , it happened five minutes ago , " Red Crescent spokeswoman Ferdus al - Ibadi told AFP .
" The Finnish economy grew faster in the first part of the year than was indicated by advance information .
And in the second half , Ines Arrondo failed to put away a short corner and Soledad Garcia missed another opening .
However , the squad is unlikely to be cast in stone until Monday morning .
US President George W. Bush said that the death of Yasser Arafat , announced early Thursday , was a " significant moment " in the history of the Palestinian people and he hoped the future would bring peace .
Literary archivists have discovered a long - lost work by Samuel Taylor Coleridge , the British poet who spearheaded the Romantic movement , scribbled around 200 years ago in the margins of a book , a report said Thursday .
After peaking at 1.3005 , the single European currency slipped back to 1.2905 dollars in late European trading from 1.2897 late on Tuesday in New York .
At the bottom line , Allianz 's net profit jumped by 150 percent to 1.828 billion euros in the January - September period , even if it fell by eight percent to 539 milion euros in the third quarter alone .
First Wilson tried his luck on 68 minutes when he spotted the keeper off his line and tried a chip from 25-yards but the Swedish international brilliantly to track back and save under the bar .
Chelsea reclaimed the top spot in the Premiership on Saturday with an emphatic 4 - 1 victory over Fulham as champions Arsenal edged a 5 - 4 thriller against Tottenham .
US Federal Reserve policymakers on Wednesday , heartened by a burst in new jobs in October , increased key short - term interest rates to 2.0 percent from 1.75 percent .
Two other planes took off Wednesday bound for Paris with another 607 mostly French passengers , said a spokesman for the French military force in Ivory Coast , Major Jacques Combarieu .
More than 200 people have taken hostage in Iraq since April by different militant groups .
Arafat was elected head of the Palestinian Authority in the first and only elections in January 1996 , and analysts have raised concerns over whether a vote could be held given Israel 's occupation and its clampdown on the territories .
The American had rallied from a set and two service breaks down to defeat Russian French Open champion Anastasia Myskina on Wednesday .
Marseille avoided the wrath of their home fans at their Velodrome stadium who had called for a boycott of the match against Strasbourg after their elimination from the League Cup to PSG .
Love is also awaiting trial on separate charges of drug possession stemming from an October 2 , 2003 incident in which she was arrested outside Barber 's home after smashing a window .
Russia 's navy denied Thursday that one of its submarines had entered Japanese waters near a disputed natural gas field earlier in the week , sparking a high seas chase .
In a grim reminder of how Fallujah earnt its reputation as a rebel enclave , US troops said they discovered three Iraqi hostages over the past 48 hours .
In August 2001 , after a car in his convoy was blown up by an Israeli missile , he vowed to escalate the Palestinian resistance and promised more military operations against Israel .
Roh 's comments Friday focused attention on how Bush , re - elected last week on an aggressive foreign policy platform , ultimately aims to tackle the thorny problem .
" And then getting that offer from Bjarne Riis from CSC , the second biggest team in the world ... how could anyone say no ? "
" At this moment in time I 've been asked to do a job this week and we 'll take it from there . "
Meanwhile Israel helped ease the heightened atmosphere in the West Bank as the army lifted travel restrictions imposed on residents of West Bank towns for Arafat 's funeral , held Friday .
The first plane , which carried 270 passengers , was expected to be followed by two others during the night , brining in around a total of 580 evacuees to Charles de Gaulle airport .
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier will represent France at the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo on Friday , his ministry announced .
A second Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces during an Israeli incursion into a southern neighbourhood of Gaza City on Thursday , medical sources said .
China views Taiwan as part of its territory awaiting reunification , by force if necessary , after their split in 1949 at the end of a civil war .
" In Iraq , families are observing this holy month in a free society after decades of tyranny and fear , " he said .
Few Palestinians mourned his departure last year , as many believed he had become too close to both Sharon and Bush .
He was also taken ill during a speech to parliament last November .
Kutle was detained in February 2000 , after the death of late autocratic leader Franjo Tudmjan and the crushing electoral defeat of the HDZ by a center - left coalition .
Indian share prices closed 0.33 percent lower Thursday as investors took profits ahead of a long weekened with the markets holding a short ceremonial trading day Friday for the Hindu Diwali holiday , dealers said .
" After breaching the resistance level of 860 points , the market is likely to continue with the current upswing as oil prices retreated from record highs and the US market remains bullish , " said LG Securities analyst Seo Jeong - Kwang .
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez paid tribute to his team 's persistence as they looked to recover from the disappointment of losing at home for the first time this season , against Birmingham a week ago .
Four women and a 12-year - old girl died and at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at the Indian capital 's main railway station Saturday as hordes of people tried to board a train , officials said .
Gronholm , driving a Peugeot 307 opened on Thursday night with a 0.3 sec lead after the short super special stage in the centre of Perth .
Ivory Coast rebel and opposition leaders were to open talks in South Africa on Thursday in an African Union bid to defuse a crisis in the former French colony that has been engulfed in fighting over the past week .
Ivory Coast President Laurent Gagbo denied in an interview Wednesday that he had ordered the killing of nine French soldiers by his country 's armed forces .
Fulham were close to being on the wrong end of a giantkilling before Tomasz Radzinski 's 86th minute equaliser against Forest took the game into extra time .
Insurgents are moving blindly through Fallujah , unable to communicate with each other as US - led forces pursue them , the force 's commander said Wednesday .
Williams , who sat out last week nursing a strained knee , said the injury did n't bother her on court .
The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is an opportunity to revive the Middle East peace process , so long as an effective successor comes to the fore , the main British newspapers agreed Friday .
However , after the hour mark Greenwood scored England 's ninth try when , following a five metre scrum , he was first to pounce on Paul 's grubber kick .
But a previously unknown group threatened to kill three Allawi family members within 48 hours unless he halts the attack and releases all Iraqi prisoners , in an Internet statement impossible to authenticate .
Abdullah will attend the APEC summit in Santiago and make a private visit to Galapagos in west Ecuador before proceeding to Havana .
Vanunu has said that he wants to leave Israel where he is widely reviled as a traitor after not only lifting the lid on the country 's nuclear ambitions but also converting to Christianity .
But before a trans - Arctic route can be a reality a number of scientific , economic and geopolitical issues need to be resolved .
The regime shake up has dented hopes for the early release of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi who has been detained for more than a year .
Instead Arafat will be buried in the Muqataa , the headquarters that had become a virtual prison for the almost the last three years of his life .
Albania , Croatia and Macedonia said Saturday they are ready to increase their participation in NATO operations and pledged to further develop cooperation in their bid to join the alliance , a statement issued on Saturday said .
" It will also be an ideal place for multinationals in terms of risk management as China 's political relations with the United States may get tense in the future , " he said .
Israel wants Yasser Arafat 's burial to take place without strife and will " do everything possible " to ensure that is the case , Israeli government spokesman Avi Pazner told French radio Thursday .
SCH is swapping one new Santander share for one ordinary Abbey share and paying Abbey shareholders an additional 31 pence ( 0.44 euros ) per share , the Spainish bank said in a statement on Friday .
The chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla del Ponte said earlier this month it was a scandal that Belgrade was protecting such fugitives .
In one of baseball 's best divisions , the Rangers contended from start to finish , avoiding the second - half collapse that almost everyone expected .
Israel had invaded Lebanon a few months before , and Arafat needed a high - profile ally .
The death toll from a big earthquake and aftershocks which have rocked the central Japan region of Niigata for nearly three weeks reached 40 Thursday as two more tremors hit the country , officials said .
Brent North Sea crude for December was 10 cents lower at 44.65 dollars in London , having closed up 1.04 dollars the day before .
Petersen was headed back to the airport a day ahead of schedule , spokeswoman Kjersti Tromsdal told AFP .
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo sent a message of condolence Thursday to the Palestinian Authority expressing his country 's " immense sadness " over the death of its leader , Yasser Arafat .
At 11:40 am ( 0340 GMT ) , light sweet crude for December delivery was at 47.57 US dollars a barrel , up 15 cents from its close of 47.42 dollars in New York on Thursday when it had dropped 1.44 dollars .
" This is kind of correction ( period ) before the prices go up in winter ... It 's idling time ahead of winter . "
David Beckham returns after breaking a rib in England 's World Cup qualifier against Wales at Old Trafford last month .
The Palestinian people face a bleak future in their struggle for a state following the death of their leader Yasser Arafat , former Malaysian premier Mahathir Mohamad said Saturday .
In Uruguay , businesses in the small northern city of Chuy near the Brazilian border , home to a large community of Palestinian origin and descent , decided to shut down for five hours as a sign in mourning for Arafat .
The hardline Taliban militia , which sheltered Osama bin Laden and his Al - Qaeda network , was toppled in November 2001 after Al - Qaeda 's September 11 attacks on the United States .
White House spokesman Scott McClellan refused to confirm the reports , which said an announcement would be made on Wednesday .
Dutch international Makaay went close in the first four minutes drilling a shot centimetres wide of the post before forcing a fine save from Stuttgart goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand .
Rival chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices rallied 68 cents to 17.97 after Merrill Lynch told clientsfor Veterans Day .
" We had so many chances , we just did n't finish them off , " White said after his Tri - Nations champions became only the second South African side to lose to the Irish .
Canada Wednesday evacuated 126 of its nationals from the Ivory Coast , where they had been threatened by continuing unrest , the Foreign Ministry said .
Federer 's 10 titles this year include a second consecutive Wimbledon crown plus the US and Australian Open titles , making him the first man since Mats Wilander in 1988 to claim three Slam titles in a single year .
Transgenic experiments on mice show that substitution of an aminoacid in the " prion " proteins will produce symptoms different from variant Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( vCJD ) , according to the study by British scientists to be published in Science magazine on Friday .
The latest FIFA rankings released earlier this week did little to lift the gloom amongst Scotland fans , who last saw their team in a major championship at the 1998 World Cup finals in France .
Disputes have been growing between China and Japan , with a leaked report by Japanese defense planners this week charting three scenarios for a Chinese attack of the country .
He said : " It may well be that they both play in the match and so of course I will not make any decision on who will play against Rangers until I know how they have came through that one . "
On Wednesday , Juventus extended their lead at the top of Serie A to six points after they scraped a 1 - 0 home win over Fiorentina and closest rivals AC Milan were held to a goalless draw at Brescia .
He was already sentenced earlier this year to a six - and - a - half jail term for embezzling some six milion euros in Croatia 's largest press distrubutor Tisak , which he had also owned .
You have to play well all year to fight for number one .
" I spoke to Vice President ( Ali Osman ) Taha over the weekend and specifically said that this kind of behavior is unacceptable , we could n't understand it and it was not helping us reach a solution , " the chief US diplomat said .
Analysts say market concerns about the deficits have increased in the wake of US President George W. Bush 's re - election win last week .
In May Attorney General John Ashcroft said that Gadahn was an Al - Qaeda supporter who translated documents for the group .
Najaf 's provincial governor , meanwhile , imposed at midnight to 4:00 am curfew as part of new restrictions contained in a nationwide state of emergency declared before the Fallujah assault .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has announced that the number of troops in disputed Kashmir will be reduced this winter in view of an " improvement " there , a statement said Thursday .
Chesnot of Radio France Internationale and Malbrunot of Le Figaro newspaper were abducted on August 20 south of Baghdad , along with their Syrian driver , Mohammed al - Jundi .
Britain 's newspapers on Thursday gave the prime minister a lengthy " shopping list " of demands to take into the talks with Bush , ranging from the Middle East and climate change to improved US relations with the rest of Europe .
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis among those of the city 's 300,000 residents who stayed behind when the fighting started .
Swedish superstar Sorenstam has already secured her seventh LPGA Player of the Year award , taking her seventh title of the year last week .
The US Central Intelligence Agency is in turmoil , with several senior officers threatening to leave , due to internal conflict under new director Porter Goss , a report said Saturday .
Israel struggled to hold back its delight at the news , whi at around 1400 GMT Friday after a military funeral in Cairo .
The retainer said that during the 10 years of his employment he , " without his consent , was forced to engage in sexual relations with Minnelli , " who split up from her last husband , David Gest , last year .
Neither made statements Thursday .
These , along with the sale of E.ON 's stakes in French telecommunications group Bouygues Telecom and German chemicals maker Degussa , inflated bottom - line earnings last year to 4.6 billion euros ( 5.9 billion dollars ) .
China is likely to host the inaugural World School Boxing Championships next year , a top official said Friday .
Dietary supplements of vitamin E , recommended by some doctors to reduce the risk of heart disease , can be dangerous in high doses , according to a study published Wednesday .
Scotland had been forced to face Australia with a team made up entirely of home - stationed men after English Premiership clubs turned down a request for the " exiles " to be released .
- Algerian president Houari Boumedienne died at the age of 46 on December 27 1978 after 39 days in a coma brought on by Waldenstroem 's disease , despite the attentions of more than 60 top international specialists .
Sri Lanka 's President Chandrika Kumaratunga offered to revive stalled peace talks with the Tamil Tigers in a message conveyed to rebels by Norway 's Foreign Minister Jan Petersen , her office said Thursday .
The government of Indonesia , the world 's largest Muslim - populated nation , on Thursday expressed sorrow at the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and hailed him as a hero .
The British defence ministry said Saturday that the evacuation by the Royal Air Force of most British nationals from the strife - torn west African state of Ivory Coast had been completed by 11:00 am ( 1100GMT ) .
On Wednesday , the military said Fallujah , which became a symbol of the insurgency against US troops and Allawi 's government , would be under control within 48 hoursrcumstances , " Ibadi said .
Last weekend Johnson , who is married with four children , denied reports that he had an affair with a Spectator columnist , calling the allegations " an inverted pyramid of piffle " .
Until Arafat actually dies " I do n't think we know exactly what arrangements will be made , and therefore we ca n't decide who may represent the United States , " said Boucher .
Reflecting the close relationship between the two , Blair is the first foreign leader received at the White House since Bush 's re - election last week .
" What we experienced was like state - sponsored terrorism against foreigners , especially whites , " said a Canadian national who gave his name only as Bernard , one of the more than 300 people who landed Thursday in the Ghanaian capital .
The scenes were reminiscent of a frenzy of looting that swept through cities across Iraq following last year 's US - led invasion .
" I hope people will show respect for the last hours of a man approaching death , and I hope , too , that the circumstances will be of help to peacemakers rather than to warmongers , " Raffarin said on television late Wednesday .
Macedonian political parties from all sides met Wednesday to sign a joint statement reaffiming their commitment to peace and EU integration , officials said .
In the last 10 years , it has invested an average of about 300 million pesos ( 5.3 million dollars ) every year .
Trade Minister Lim Hng Kiang met his Indian counterpart Kamal Nath here on Thursday in an attempt to resolve outstanding issues in their Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement ( CECA ) , initiated two years ago .
This year the theme of the annual festival , now in its third edition , is world capitals .
Bordeaux got off to a lively second half with Lilian Laslandes claiming the second goal three minutes later .
Arafat had been critically ill since being airlifted to France on October 29 from the Muqataa , where he was to be laid to rest at around 1400 GMT Friday after a military funeral in Cairo .
The Israeli army Thursday imposed a total security clampdown on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and reinforced its military presence due to fears of attacks following the death of Yasser Arafat .
The Red Crescent sent a convoy of emergency supplies on Saturday , despite having no permission to enter the battle field , because civilians are dying of starvation and thirst , a spokeswoman said .
The 25-stage Rally Australia runs until Sunday .
But an Achilles injury sustained in February forced him to miss the climax onor has now been rewarded by his country having gained valuable experience playing alongside Dallaglio and current England international Joe Worsley in the Wasps back - row .
A close aide to the Turkish prime minister later said Erdogan renewed Ankara 's concerns over the crackdown .
Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Draskovic warned Saturday his country was currently facing " closed doors " everywhere abroad in retaliation for its failure to hand over those suspected of crimes committed during 1990 Balkan wars .
It is a far cry from the prince 's recent round of nightclubbing and canoodling during a " gap year " following school , which culminated in the unseemly fracas as he left the trendy Pangaea nightclub in central London .
He previously served as a judge in Texas , where Bush was governor before becoming US president .
Last year France and west African leaders brokered a ceasefire deal which is now policed by French and United Nations peacekeepers .
Kuznetsova needed four match points to put away an erratic Zvonareva , who had managed to battle back from 5 - 1 down in the second set before succumbing .
It said Fallujah 's main hospital on the western edge of the city , which was seized by US and Iraqi troops on Sunday on the eve of the all - out offensive , could soon be operational .
Dutch Prime Minster Jan Peter Balkenende also visited Uden Wednesday .
Before Lumawag 's murder , the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines said seven journalists had been killed in the country this year and 57 since democracy was restored in 1986 .
They can accept our all - cash 24 dollars per share offer on November 19 or it will be withdrawn .
Spurs took the lead through Moroccan Noureddine Naybet after 37 minutes after Michael Carrick , making his first Premiership start since his move from West Ham , sent a free - kick into the Arsenal area from the left wing .
A party man who traditionally shunned the spotlight , the 69-year - old has been PLO secretary general since 1969 -- for 35 years Arafat 's number two .
China said Saturday only that it was continuing to look into the Japanese claims and state media failed even to report that Japan had formally protested .
Mbeki travelled to Abidjan on Tuesday after being asked by the AU to try to resolve the current crisis in Ivory Coast , where scores have been killed in renewed violence .
In May 2002 , Mustapha 's successor , Ahmed Saadat , was jailed in the West Bank under international supervision for ordering Zeevi 's killing .
A Spanish newspaper reported in August that six jailed leading ETA figures had called in a letter written in August for an end to the movement 's armed struggle against the Spanish state .
But one minute into first half injury time PSG had a corner taken by Selim Benachour .
Arsenal midfielder Robert Pires says he was n't surprised at being left out of the France side to play Poland in a friendly next week .
Celtic manager Martin O'Neill meanwhile was disappointed , but hopeful it would have no bearing on their league encounter next week .
Congo has withdrawn the accreditation of the local correspondent of the British radio and television broadcaster the BBC , a foreign ministry source said Thursday .
A team of five Australian Federal Police officers raided the offices of the Indigenous Times newspaper in suburban Canberra Thursday morning and seized six documents , including a cabinet submission on a proposed welfare shake - up .
" A million and a half people in northern and western Ivory Coast have been without power for a week , " said a statement by the International Committee of the Red Cross from its headquarters here .
The weak dollar has so far this year had a negative effect of nine percent on earnings , Shepard said , noting that Aegon will continue its policy of not hedging currency translation risks .
The rally has six more stages to run and will conclude in Perth on Sunday .
Rovers managed to claim a 1 - 1 draw after former City favourite Paul Dickovs penalty ten minutes from time cancelled out Frenchman Antoine Sibierskis opener on the stroke of half time .
Although allies against ethnic Serbs during most of Bosnia 's war , Croats and Muslims fought each other for 11 months in 1993 - 94 .
A French official Wednesday warned Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbabgo that stirring up anti - French sentiment in his embattled country was a " dangerous game . "
North Korea Thursday declared an official mourning period for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , describing him as a " close frind " of the Korean people .
A gene may protect some people from Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease , the human brain wasting form of mad cow disease , researchers said Thursday .
Jermain Defoe delivered the perfect response when he turned and cut inside before curling a r " I think we had a contribution to four of their goals .
Shortly after 4:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) Thursday morning official cars and police vehicles flooded in to the hospital in the Paris suburbs as police manned the entrances to the establishment .
" Lift your roadblocks and leave the streets , " said Charles Ble Goude , whose bellicose rhetoric since Saturday accused France of preparing a coup against Gbagbo .
According to the Detikcom online news agency , Munir 's widow Suciwati also called for justice as she spoke to reporters before meeting police to discuss the autopsy .
US President George W. Bush on Wednesday reaffirmed his support for a " strong and vibrant " North Atlantic Treaty Organisation , underlining the important role the transatlantic alliance plays in Afghanistan and Iraq .
He said investors are now waiting for stocks to get cheaper before coming back into the market .
Mijailovic , who answered a few questions in his first trial but remained silent through the appeals court trial , on Wednesday again refused to answer questions in court .
Geelani , who heads the hardline faction of the region 's main separatist alliance , was detained when he about 50 supporters moved out of his home in Hyderpora , on the outskirts of the Kashmiri summer capital Srinagar , they said .
Australian Prime Minister John Howard on Thursday said history would judge Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat harshly for failing to embrace an Israeli peace offer four years ago .
In a statement released Thursday , Konare described Arafat as a " hero of the Palestinian struggle , who pursued the noble cause until his end . "
They were to be entombed Thursday at a national memorial following a lying in state and a funeral cortege .
Industrial production in Bulgaria grew by 9.1 percent in September to register 18.4 percent growth over 12 months compared to the same period of 2003 , Bulgaria 's National Statistics Institute said Thursday .
And while there was raw grief among his people , many saw his death as the dawning of a new era after Israel dubbed the 1994 Nobel peace prize winner the biggest obstacle to peace .
1,000 words Mideast - Arafat - successor RAMALLAH , West Bank Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat may have avoided anointing a successor but efforts to ensure an orderly transfer of power began soon after he was flown out to his Paris deathbed late last month .
" Barghuti was convicted to life in prison and he will stay in prison until the end of his days , given that he was implicated in numerous terrorist attacks that caused the deaths of numerous innocent Israelis , " Shalom said .
World leaders reacted to the death early Thursday of veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by accepting him as a symbol of his people 's cause , but differed sharply over his contribution to the Middle East peace process .
The National Police Agency said at least 3,180 people had been injured in the series of quakes which started on October 23 with one measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale .
The bomb was planted by two men posing as customers and exploded five minutes later after they rode off on a motorcycle , witnesses said .
He is the first top sprinter to test positive for EPO which has been a popular drug with endurance athletes and cyclists for over 15 years .
Analysts had forecast net profit would be 973 million-1.029 billion euros and premium income of 39.8 - 41.3 billion euros for the nine - month period .
Black smoke curled into the sky above Fallujah on Thursday as US troops picked through ruined streets , where a slaughterhouse for foreign hostages was found , and clashed with pools of resistance .
A resumption of peace negotiations is possible with a responsible Palestinian leadership after the death of Yasser Arafat , Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday .
But the two - year crisis has taken a heavy toll on the nation of 15 million people and also wreaked havoc on the international cocoa market , bringing prices around highs not seen since the middle of last year .
" There might still to set up a nervy finish for the SPL leaders when they awarded a penalty on 74 minutes but Barry Wilson 's weak spot - kick was saved easily by Celtic 's Swedish goalkeeper Magnus Hedman .
Among a host of such outrages , the group murdered British hostage Kenneth Bigley last month and two of his US colleagues in September .
ASEAN leaders last year agreed to transform ASEAN -- which boasts of a market of 500 million people -- into a single market and manufacturing base by 2020 in order to better compete with giant neighbours China and India .
Zurabishvili later Saturday called on Russia to show restraint regarding events in Abkhazia .
The African National Congress ( ANC ) , which led the struggle against apartheid in South Africa before it swept to power in the first democratic elections in 1994 , said the Palestinians had " lost a dedicated leader . "
It is the fifth curfew to be imposed on Iraqi cities and towns in as many days .
He rarely saw daylight expect when sunbathing away from reporters in well - guarded areas of the crumbling compound .
The Palestinian Authority has declared a 40-day period of mourning across the Palestinian territories to mark the death of veteran leader Yasser Arafat , the head of his office said Thursday .
450 words 1730 GMT Oil - price,2ndlead LONDON Oil prices fall as markets reckon on there being enough heating fuel to meet demand in key markets once winter arrives , despite further drops in US stockpiles , analysts say .
Nigeria 's main oil unions said Thursday that their members will join next week 's planned nationwide general strike and warned of disruptions in the country 's exports of crude to the world market .
Sainz , forced out of his final rally after crashing on Wednesday , said organisers , drivers , manufacturers and media needed to work to keep the sport " alive " .
The state would first sell its stake in Thales to EADS in 2005 , and the two groups would merge a year later on the basis of one EADS share for three in the electronics company .
In December , 2003 , a jury in Siberia had cleared Danilov of charges that he gave China top secrets and classified information on Russia 's space technology , but Russia 's Supreme Court overturned the acquittal .
The two neighbours have been engaged in the peace process since April 2003 when then - premier Atal Behari Vajpayee offered a " hand of friendship " to Pakistan .
And the so - called combined ratio , a key profitability yardstick which measures the ratio of claims and expenses to net premiums earned , improved by 3.7 percentage points to 93.2 percent at the nine - month stage .
Na Fenglin , the man , stopped the girl while she was bicycling to school in a village in Beining city in June , grabbed her by the throat and dragged her into a forest , the Business Times , a Liaoning daily , reported .
Indonesia 's economy is expected grow 5.0 percent this year , up from 4.1 percent in 2003 , supported by improved levels of domestic consumption and investment , the central bank said Friday .
Microsoft will translate its blockbuster computer software Windows and Office into Quechua , the language of the indigenous Inca , for Andean nations from Argentina to Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru , where it is spoken , the company said Thursday .
Twenty Afghan women offered Thursday to swap places with the UN hostages , saying that kidnapping was contrary to Afghan culture .
Tbilisi and Moscow exchanged sharp words Saturday after Russia warned it would take measures to defend its interests in Georgia 's breakaway republic of Abkhazia where a crisis between rival leaders has escalated sharply .
On the first day of the trial on Wednesday , Nilsson reiterated his client 's claim that the attack on Lindh was not premeditated and that he had not stalked her .
French judicial sources have said that magistrates opened an investigation in October 2003 into transfers of up to 11.5 million euros ( 14.8 million dollars ) from Switzerland to bank accounts belonging to Arafat 's wife , Suha , in Paris .
" President Yasser Arafat has been a central figure in Middle East politics for 35 years .
Since coming to power in April 2002 , Portugal 's government has slashed spending and introduced a number of economic reforms which it argues are necessary to rein in a ballooning public deficit and to spur economic growth .
Yukos has warned it may be forced to declare bankruptcy before or during an extraordinary shareholders ' meeting on December 20 .
" I hereby restrain labour from embarking on strike on November 16 or any other day thereafter until determination of the motion before me , " judge Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad told the appeals court in Abuja .
El Salvador 's president Elias Antonio Saca and the man he beat in an election in March , former guerrilla , Schafik Handal , are both of Palestinian descent .
Premiership trio Arsenal , Tottenham and Portsmouth , as well as Championship Watford , reached the quarter - finals on Tuesday .
Earlier in the month , Mitsubishi said its interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion yen ( 1.38 billion dollars ) and announced the company was downgrading its full - year earnings forecast .
The German economy lost steam in the third quarter as gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by just 0.1 percent following increases of 0.4 percent in the two preceeding quarters , figures released Thursday by the federal statistics office Destatis showed .
Trade Minister Mohammed Rashid will seek to boost Egypt 's troubled economy by proposing to revive a dormant project for a free trade deal with the United States when he travels to Washington on Sunday .
Until June this year , the federal funds rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , had been at a 1958 low of 1.0 percent .
The jet took off for Cairo , where world leaders will gather to honor the 75-year - old Arafat at an official funeral on Friday .
The river will be lit up in red every night until Sunday when the queen , accompanied by about 9,000 veterans , will lay a wreath at the Cenotaph war memorial in central London .
600 words moved Japan - submarine,2ndlead TOKYO Japan 's navy tracks a submarine that intruded into its waters for a second day amid alarm in Tokyo that the incident is a show of strength by growing competitor China .
Australia and Norway have only met once before at senior level with Australia winning 1 - 0 in Sydney in January 1997 .
Saraswati was due to appear in court early Friday , the statement said .
Russia , along with the United States , is a co - sponsor of the Middle East peace process , although its role in the region has been diminishing in recent years .
US - led forces have control of almost the whole of Fallujah but it will still take some time before the rebel enclave is secure , a US marine spokesman said on Friday .
The weighted index closed down 73.97 points at 5,874.52 , after moving between 5,931.37 and 5,873.28 , on turnover of 45.81 billion Taiwan dollars ( 1.38 billion US ) .
Police in Indian Kashmir Friday detained a hardline separatist leader and about a dozen of his supporters to prevent them from protesting against alleged rapes by soldiers , police and witnesses said .
A spokesman said that as the event was timed to open on November 11 organisers had cancelled the normal style of opening , which would have featured porn stars .
Texas had a winning record in every month but one this season and finished with 89 wins - an 18-win increase over 2003 .
A draw against minnows Moldova was the latest in a long line of poor results and last week Berti Vogts , the first foreigner to coach Scotland , resigned .
that 's the beauty of football , " he said to Skysports cameras after the game .
The UN Security Council was set Wednesday to give Ivory Coast 's government one month to implement a stalled peace deal or face UN sanctions .
About 200 mourners of different nationalities gathered outside the Percy military hospital near Paris where the Palestinian leader had been receiving treatment for a mystery illness for two weeks .
BEIJING : China 's producer prices rose 8.4 percent on - year in October as inflation in raw materials costs led to the highest prices of factory gate goods in eight years , official data showed .
Portugal 's rail workers have voted to stage a 24-hour strike on December 2 to protest against government changes to the nation 's labour laws which increase working hours , union officials said Saturday .
- HAMAS Hamas was founded in 1987 , during the first intifada , by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin who was assassinated by Israel on March 24 , 2004 .
Japan - submarine - China TOKYO : Japan summoned a Chinese diplomat after determining that a nuclear submarine that intruded its waters near a disputed gas field and set off a high - seas chase came from its giant neighbor .
Armistice Day marks the end of the World War I on November 11 , 1918 , when the guns fell silent at 11 am .
He said " several " militant hide - outs had also been destroyed in the ongoing offensive , with an extra 7,000 troops backed by helicopter gunships pouring into the western tribal region of South Waziristan on Friday .
China has set no timetable for the planned stockmarket listing of its state - owned banks as it urgently works to clean up its ailing and indebted banking system , state press reported Friday .
Amelie Mauresmo , chasing the world number one ranking , and Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova signalled their intentions at the WTA Tour Championships on Thursday with sparkling straight - set victories .
The cost of rent , water and waste disposal increased 0.4 percent on the month and 3.1 percent on an annual basis .
" The foreign minister will be appointed by November 18 , " said Berlusconi .
Bush said he met Wednesday with the military ground commander , Army General George Casey . "
The Palestine Liberation Organisation 's Tunis - based politburo chief Faruq Qaddumi was appointed head of the dominant Fatah faction after Yasser Arafat 's death Thursday , official sources said .
Its involvement has been highly controversial at home and evoked memories of the sending of Australian troops to Gallipoli in Turkey during World War I , an event still marked with a national holiday on April 25 .
Eurozone experts are growing increasingly cautious about the outlook for growth in the single currency area in the face of the anticipated slowdown of the global economy , a new poll conducted by the European Central Bank showed on Thursday .
Arafat , 75 , had been critically ill in a military French hospital since being airlifted from his Ramallah headquarters on October 29 .
Gonzales replaces John Ashcroft , whose resignation was announced Tuesday .
Japan - submarine TOKYO : Japan 's navy tracked a submarine that intruded into its waters for a second day amid alarm in Tokyo that the incident was a show of strength by growing competitor China .
New Zealand will go into this week 's opening cricket Test against Australia on the end of a heavy nine - wicket defeat in their warm - up match against New South Wales here on Sunday .
The pair drew up the Peres - Abu Alaa plan in February 2002 that aimed to bring a halt to the violence at a high point of the intifada .
Six people protesting against forest - clearing on a controversial Cambodian land concession were injured in a grenade attack as they slept early on Saturday , an official said .
The third and fourth planes expected to depart by evening .
I knew , like I had always done , to go away and pray about it and come back the next day and there was no doubt in my mind I wanted to do it .
Lending rates have fallen to historic lows this year , enabling banks to increase loans and making bond issues more affordable .
In March and April 47 people died in a spate of suicide blasts , shoot - outs with police and a seemingly accidental explosion at an illicit bomb - making factory used by the insurgents in the ancient Uzbek city of Bukhara .
Nov 3 : Arafat is admitted to an intensive care unit after losing consciousness three times during the day .
Arafat was initially taken to a unit dealing with blood disorders before being transferred on November 3 , five days after admission , to an intensive care unit .
Power stocks were sold after outperforming in recent trade on expectations the companies will be allowed to set higher charges , dealers said .
Keeping in mind his own Labour Party 's prospects at elections expected early next year , analysts said , Blair will try above all to win a US determination to rescue the Israeli - Palestinian peace talks from four years of violence .
EDP president Joao Talone told weekly newspaper Expresso the company was willing to temporarily give up its veto right in Portuguese gas company Turbogas , a smaller rival of GdP , in order to remove these concerns .
On Monday Singh said India was willing to " look at all options " .
Two sticking points are the disarming of rebels and the revision of a section in the Ivory Coast constitution , which critics charge is being used to keep Gbagbo 's chief rival from standing in elections next year .
The monarch of the world 's top oil producer and exporter , who is confined to a wheelchair , has since relegated the running of the kingdom 's day - to - day affairs to his 80-year - old half - brother , Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz .
Cottarelli said the government had to consider an extra five to six billion euros in spending cuts to reach its target of a public deficit of 2.7 percent of GDP next year .
Discarded Test fast bowler Andy Bichel bowled Queensland to a 53-run win over South Australia in their Sheffield Shield cricket match at Adelaide Oval on Friday .
Before giving birth , Suha had said her husband preferred a son but that she was hoping for a girl who " would be the bearer of a message of peace . "
The dollar rose above the 107 yen level for the first time in about two weeks .
Bush is expected to touchdown in the north coast Colombian city of Cartagena for a few hours , where the two leaders will hold a brief working lunch which will also be attended by members of Uribe 's cabinet .
However , with his death now seen as inevitable , preparations were underway in the Middle East for his funeral , and some members of his entourage who had arrived with him two weeks ago left Paris for Cairo .
Olympic champions Germany and the Netherlands appear set to reach the Champions Trophy women 's field hockey championship final after Argentina failed to beat the Dutch on Thursday .
There are still internal discussions at a high level , " he said , when asked if the Islamic republic was likely to approve a tentative agreement reached last weekend with the three European Union states .
" We met government representatives just before Iftar ( the dinner eaten by Muslims to break their fast during Ramadan ) , " Habib Noorzad , a spokesman for the group , told AFP by phone on Wednesday .
Koda was beheaded after Japan refused the kidnappers ' demands to withdraw troops from Iraq .
Restrictions remained on the towns of Nablus and Jenin , an army spokeswoman said Saturday , because the army believed anti - Israeli attacks were being prepared .
The UN court revealed the indictement against Bralo in mid - October .
Players are awarded 30 points for finishing first , 12 for second and nine for third .
Before they join the euro , the new EU states must first spend at least two years in a second - generation Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM II ) , which sets fluctuation limits between their currencies and the euro .
Two Palestinians were killed in an Israeli incursion in Gaza City on Thursday , while a 22-year - old Palestinian man was shot dead in the West Bank , Palestinian medical sources and witnesses said .
A judge is due to make a decision on the more serious charge that could land Danilov in jail for 20 years later this month .
Technically the countries opposing the US can apply the sanctions -- normally tariffs on specified US imports -- at any time they choose after the meeting at the WTO 's Geneva headquarters in two weeks ' time .
Dec 9 , 1987 - The first intifada , or uprising , against Israeli occupation breaks out after Palestinians are run over by a car driven by Israelis in the Gaza Strip .
For France the third quarter performance was its worst in a year while in the Germany the growth pace was the slowest since second quarter 2003 .
Under Yoshida 's guidance , the US women went 87 - 59 the past four years and reached the world number one ranking before settling for a disappointing fifth - place showing at the Athens Olympics .
So far this year , the Coast Guard repatriated more than 3,300 Haitians who tried to reach US shores , often on overcrowded , unseaworthy vessels .
The United States offered some encouragement in Bush 's statement of condolences after the death of the iconic Palestinian leader who had been marginalised during the Bush presidency .
The protest took place on Veterans Day .
A fully - fledged funeral attended by the world 's leaders also appeared impossible in the Palestinian territories , where tough restrictions have been imposed by Israel during the four - year - old uprising .
It said its members were being pressured for denouncing the US - led assault launched on the city of Fallujah , which is majority Sunni Muslim , at the beginning of the week and supporting the people there .
Sporadic bursts of gunfire cut through the rumble of tanks and clunk of soldiers ' battle - gear as the hunt continues into the night .
" Maybe he ( Arafat ) will not see it , but the Palestinian state will one day take its place in the region , " he said .
The US Coast Guard said Wednesday it repatriated 154 Haitians caught at sea as they tried to travel illegally to the United States .
" These actions can only be described as a coup d'etat , " Khajimba said on Russian television Saturday , adding that the fact that he and his ministers had fled the administration building " does n't mean there is no government . "
Diof almost clinched all three points for Bolton in the dying minutes but saw his header from Nolan 's cross come back off the post with Sorensen well beaten .
Most of the Montagnards arrived in Cambodia after a crackdown in April that was sparked by their protests over land rights and religious persecution .
A free trade agreement between the United States and Australia should be completed by next week , Trade Minister Mark Vaile said Friday .
Van Gogh was shot and knifed to death by a suspected Islamic radical in Amsterdam after making a movie critical of Islamic treatment of women .
Dutch police ended a major raid on an apartment where suspected terrorists had been holed up here since early Wednesday , arresting two people .
Gbagbo said he deplored the fact that " even before knowing what had happened , the French head of state decided to destroy all the Ivory Coast 's planes " .
North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Yong - Il held talks on Tuesday with Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing here to discuss the talks that also include South Korea , Japan and Russia , foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
And it was the French forward who gave United the lead in the 22nd minute .
Afterwards , ordinary residents of Ramallah trickled past the burial site , reciting verses of the Koran and kneeling at the grave of the only leader most of them had ever known , a man who championed their cause for two generations .
Beijing aims to increase trade with Brazil , its main Latin American trading partner , to 35 billion dollars by 2010 , a Chinese official said Thursday , hours before President Hu Jinta76 5 .
Myskina has won six of their 10 matches , including most recently the final at Roland Garros
Omar , who is seldom heard from , released a similar statement for Eid last year in which he urged Afghans to boycott elections " hatched by Jews and Christians . "
But Japan 's defense chief said the country had determined the submarine was Chinese during the two - day search that ended Friday .
Before being elected to parliament , Qorei headed several key missions on development in the occupied territories and raised international funding .
The arrangements were announced within hours of the declaration of Arafat 's death at a military hospital in the Paris suburb of Clamart , located a short distance from the airport .
Hong Kong gold prices opened higher Friday at 433.60 - 434.10 US dollars an ounce , compared to Thursday 's close of 431.80 - 432.30 dollars an ounce .
In a statement , Singh said India 's security forces had in recent months succeeded in improving the security situation in Indian Kashmir .
" Having followed with keen interest his heroic struggles over the past four decades to secure an independent homeland for Palestinians , we understand very well that Yasser Arafat had become much more than a leader of your people .
However he told TPS television on Saturday that he was not happy with recruitment at the club .
The death of Yasser Arafat dominated Asian newspapers Friday , with dailies lauding the Palestinian leader and calling for his passing to be used as an opportunity to secure peace in the Middle East .
" It got to a stage when we realized that they would just as soon break into our homes or attack us in the streets . "
He establishes PLO headquarters in Tunis , before later going to Syria .
Former US President Jimmy Carter Thursday called Yasser Arafat " a powerful human symbol and forceful advocate " who united Palestinians in their pursuit of a homeland .
According to union sources , Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's party is due to make a joint announcement with union leaders on the introduction of a minimum wage during a congress of trade unions on November 29 .
The SP / ASX 200 index was down 0.8 points at 3,862.5 and the broader All Ordinaries index slipped 1.0 point at 3,872.6 as both indices took a breather after their record finish Thursday .
" Today ... it was good , but not great , " said Slutskaya . "
Gardenhire , who has led the Twins to three straight AL Central Division titles , finished in the top three in the voting for this award for the third consecutive year .
As part of efforts toward economic integration , ASEAN 's economic ministers in September agreed to liberalise 11 industry sectors before 2010 , including autos , textiles , electronics , agriculture , health care , air travel and tourism .
Several dozen white women were raped in Ivory Coast in riots that have shaken the west African state since late last week , but no foreign nationals were killed , a French military source said Friday .
The militants have held Annetta Flanigan of Northern Ireland , Shqipe Hebibi of Kosovo and Filipino diplomat Angelito Nayan since late last month and want 26 comrades freed as part of a deal .
Suspected Taliban fighters hurled rockets at a US military post in Afghanistan 's southeastern province of Paktika Thursday but caused no casualties , a US military official said .
Nationalist Turkish politician Cem Uzan , the scion of a business family accused of massive fraud , was detained Saturday in the latest episode in his war with the government , Anatolia news agency reported .
Smith admitted that the Wallabies would have to step up their game from the one against Scotland where they only performed for the first - half before allowing the Scots back into it in the 31 - 14 victory .
Faruq Qaddumi , propelled by Yasser Arafat 's death to the head of the Fatah , the dominant Palestinian faction that he co - founded with Arafat 45 years ago , is one of the late leader 's oldest comrades - in - arms .
Japan - auto - Fuji - company - results ) Reporting on foreign exchange trading in Tokyo and Singapore after the release of July - September growth figures for Japan . (
France and other governments have since Wednesday dispatched chartered planes to evacuate hundreds of panicked nationals in the former French colony .
" We can do these progressively over the next few years , " said Lee , who was in Thailand as part of an introductory tour of the region after taking over from Goh Chok Tong in August .
Spain - blast - Basques - ETA MADRID : Two bombs exploded in a military mountain refuge in the Pyrenees in northern Spain where leaflets from the Basque separatist group ETA were later found , officials said .
The SDRC will release the first quotas for 2005 by the end of this year and the second set about six months later .
Judging from its cruising sound , the Defence Agency believed the vessel to be a Chinese navy Han - type nuclear submarine , Japan 's mass - circulatg since and the story failed to appear in any of China 's major state - run media Thursday .
The man who lost the crown 20 months ago to Roy Jones but regained it by beating Rahman is coming off a dull 11 t is going to be my best fight ever . "
Top Palestinian officials agreed after an urgent meeting that parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh would serve as acting head of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Arafat 's death , in accordance with the basic Palestinian law .
As France announced more flights Thursday to get people out of strife - wracked Ivory Coast , Defence Minister Michele Alliot - Marie said the situation remained very tense because of " calls for hatred " .
He will ride the RCV211 for the first time at the team 's three - day testing session at Jerez starting on November 24 .
The minister 's comments Thursday come after the government recently announced moves to open up the banking sector further to foreign banks .
Yasser Arafat 's funeral is to be held inside a military compound on the outskirts of Cairo Friday , in what will be a brief and solemn ceremony attended by scores of world leaders but closed to the public .
In 2003 China became Brazil 's third largest trading partner after the United States and neighboring Argentina .
Natalegawa said Wirayuda on Thursday met with his Myanmar counterpart Major General Nyan Win , who was among the newly appointed leaders .
Forex - Asia ) Monitoring Japanese share prices following the release of July - September growth figures . (
About 15,000 South Korean farmers took to the streets here Saturday to protest against moves to allow foreign rice - producers a greater share of the domestic market , witnesses said .
Boris Johnson , one of the most colourful figures in British politics , was axed Saturday from the front bench of the main opposition Conservative Party ahead of renewed allegations about his private life .
Harmony , the world 's sixth largest gold producer , launched on October 18 an 8.1-billion - dollar ( 6.4-billion - euro ) bid for Gold Fields with the support of Russia 's Norilsk Nickel , a major Gold Fields shareholder .
ABUJA : A Nigerian court declared a planned general strike over fuel prices illegal , dramatically raising tensions less than a week before the nationwide protest is due to begin .
On Friday the regime will be marking Qods ( Jerusalem ) Day with protests celebrating the Palestinian intifada , or uprising .
And the former senator also celebrated that : " During the last four years , our violent crime rate has plunged to a 30-year low . "
During the war in 1991 , the UCTE was divided into two zones and Bulgaria , Albania , Macedonia , Greece , Romania , Serbia and Montenegro remained isolated from the rest of Europe in a so - called second zone .
Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Brazil Thursday for a five - day state visit as Beijing seeks access to key raw materials to fuel its roaring economic growth and feed its vast population .
Arafat refused to accept and Qorei finally agreed to retract it after a 10-day standoff following intensive mediation efforts .
In the first three months of this year , 22 sailors were killed in acts of piracy , which are relatively common off the coast of Indonesia and the Malacca Strait , for example .
Ireland 's pressure finally paid off mid - way through the half after three lineouts in quick succession within five yards of the South African line which culminated in a penalty .
Spanish judge Ismael Moreno ordered the operation , which nabbed 10 other Pakistani suspects on September 15 .
North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) army chiefs will meet next Wednesday to decide on a successor to Germany 's General Harald Kujat as head of the alliance 's military committee .
The funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will take place in Cairo on Friday if he dies by then , one of the veteran leader 's aides said Wednesday .
Gilson planned Thursday to be at the national commemoration of the armistice , remembering a conflict in which an estimated 900 French soldiers died every day during the more than four years of the war .
Some French nationals evacuated Wednesday from Abidjan to Togo talked of the rape of women by " young patriots " loyal to President Laurent Gbagbo during the unrest .
The secretary took part Thursday in the opening of Beijing 's first trade office in Brazil , the China Trade Center in Sao Paulo .
The single European currency stood at 1.2904 dollars at 2200 GMT compared with 1.2894 late on Wednesday in New York .
The 850-strong Black Watch battlegroup was controversially deployed last month to the more dangerous US - controlled zone of Iraq from their base in Basra , southern Iraq , ahead of the US assault on Fallujah .
Dundee United and Motherwell were already into the last four after winning on Tuesday .
A dozen men , dressed from head to foot in black , marched wearing mock suicide bomb belts as adults and children alike sported black - and - white keffiyehs , or headdresses in trademark Arafat style .
" This is kind of a correction ( period ) before prices go up in winter ... It 's idling time ahead of winter . "
It has recently made a series of high - profile announcements in regards to anti - terrorism measures in a bid to project an image of a secure Singapore .
Top world news stories for Thursday at 0500 GMT : Mideast - Arafat - dead - France CLAMART , France : The French army 's top doctor Christian Estripeau announced that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died Thursday at 0230 GMT .
Tensions have been mounting in the Himalayan state in recent days over the alleged rape of a young girl and her mother by an army major .
A Russian court Wednesday sent a scientist facing a conviction of spying for China to jail , ruling that he was influencing the ongoing court case by staying free .
Spanish coach Luis Aragones named the following 18-man squad to face England in a friendly international on November 17 here Thursday .
Spurs seemed to pay for impudently taking the lead through Moroccan Noureddine Naybet before Thierry Henry equalised in first - half injury - time 10 minutes later .
But their form has been outstanding in the last two months as McLeish 's new signings have bedded in , raising hopes they can emerge from the shadow of Martin O'Neill 's Celtic .
Sales edged up to 21.92 billion euros from 20.83 billion in the January - September period of 2003 .
Oil prices were firmer in Asian trade Friday after a sharp drop in US hours when concerns over supplies of heating oil during the northern hemisphere winter eased , dealers said .
The group were released on bail after testifying before a local prosecutor , Anatolia reported .
King Bhumipol , the world 's longest - reigning monarch , has seen more than 20 prime ministers , 16 constitutions and 17 coups in Thailand since he ascended to the throne in 1946 at the age of 18 .
He returned after the Oslo peace accords were signed in 1993 to be elected to the Palestinian parliament in the first elections after the territories were granted autonomy .
Father - of - two M'Hammed Soumayah sued the 58-year - old superstar in New York State Supreme Court , also alleging that she then fired him from his 238,000-dollar - a - year job and failed to pay him 89,000 dollars in back wages .
Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi said Wednesday it is " not possible " for the euro to continue its current strengthening trend .
Time Magazine named him Man of the Year in 1997 .
He outraged the largest teacher 's union earlier this year when he called the National Education Association , which has some 2.7 million members , a " terrorist organization " for opposing No Child Left Behind .
In September 1993 , Arafat and then Israeli premier , Yitzhak Rabin , shook hands on the White House lawn and signed the landmark Oslo Accords , but which failed to return parmanent stability to the volatile Middle East .
The tiny African nation 's air waves have been rife with anti - French and other angry sentiment in the past few days amid an explosion of riots and bloodshed in the former French colony .
India expects Singapore to invest an additional two billion US dollars in the technology , manufacturing , financial services and aviation sectors next year .
Three years ago Fleming led New Zealand to a surprise three - Test series draw with the world champions , with Australia lucky to escape defeat in a tense final Test in Perth that was dominated by the tourists .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 33.63 points ( 0.32 percent ) to 10,419.11 while the tech - heavy Nasdaq rose 6.91 points ( 0.34 percent ) to 2,041.47 in the first 10 minutes .
The Danish officer had arrived in Iceland Friday with his squadron on training exercises , Ritzau news agency said .
The council delayed voting until Monday to give Mbeki more time to hammer out a deal between the government and its political opposition .
The central bank chief said he expected the ongoing downturn to continue until the first half of next year but added that he believes the government 's growth target of about 5.0 percent is achievable in 2004 .
The coffin of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who died overnight , will be flown out of Paris for Cairo late Thursday afternoon on board a French air force jet , sources said .
" It would thus be a tragedy if we were to fail to build on the foundations erected by Arafat during the past four decades , " it added .
The referendum was called by the opposition to overturn the decentralisation laws but it failed due to insufficient turnout after the government and the EU urged people to boycott .
By tomorrow or the day after tomorrow , calm will have returned , " Gbagbo told French television station TF1 .
Fulham 's Papa Bouba Diop scored his first Premiership goal in the 57th minute but parity lasted just two minutes as Chelsea winger Arjen Robben scored his fourth goal in four matches to give the Blues a deserved lead .
Arafat 's contribution to a Palestinian sense of identity and nation - building will live on after his death , " he said .
Hundreds of people marched late Thursday to protest the war in Iraq and the US - led assault on the rebel - held city of Fallujah .
In addition , Seals is staking claim to half of Reynolds ' home in Hobe Sound , Florida , although he acquired it before the relationship .
Russian President Vladimir Vladimir Putin will pay a two - day visit Friday to Ukraine , just over a week before the former Soviet republic 's presidential elections , the Kremlin said in a statement .
The surging price of oil is more likely to fuel inflation than put the brakes on economic growth , the European Central Bank estimated Thursday , warning that it would not hesitate to tighten monetary conditions to prevent an inflationary spiral .
Yudhoyono would decide later Thursday whether he would personally attend Arafat 's funeral or send an envoy , he said .
Australia have jumped 15 places to 49 on governing body FIFA 's international rankings released this week to be the biggest movers among FIFA 's 205-ranked teams .
Ten Filipinos who held tourist visas for other countries were not allowed to board a flight to Bangkok on Monday , while eight others were prevented from boarding other flights on the same day , an immigration bureau statement said .
South Korea has agreed to lift a ban on imports of US oranges but rejected a request to end its ban on US beef and poultry , officials said Friday .
For years King Hussein suspected Arafat of seeking to influence Jordan 's Palestinians , while Arafat was convinced the king had his sights on the West Bank , which Jordan controlled from 1950 until Israel occupied it in 1967 .
The All Blacks , who face further matches in November against Wales and France , made a blistering start , scoring three tries inside the first eight minutes to quickly dampen the enthusiasm of the vociferous home support .
In its November monthly bulletin , the ECB said that in its regular quarterly " Survey of Professional Forecasters " , the experts had revised downward their growth forecast for 2005 to 2.0 percent from 2.1 percent previously .
Pakistan have won the last three one - dayers against India played since August in Sri Lanka , the Netherlands and England .
In May 2000 the now - convicted traitor George Speight led a group of special forces soldiers into parliament , seizing Chaudhry and his government and holding them hostage for 56 days .
US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova won her opening round - robin match Wednesday at the three million - dollar WTA Tour Championships , defeating fellow Russian Vera Zvonareva 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 .
June 24 - US President George W. Bush pledges his support for a Palestinian state alonl blood condition , the first time he has travelled abroad since December 2001 .
Lahoud will be accompanied to the funeral Friday by Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri , Prime Minister Omar Karameh , Foreign Minister Mahmud Hammud and security cheif Jamil Sayyed , officials said .
Switzerland 's main telecommunications operator , Swisscom , which has already announced 390 job cuts for next year , will continue to shed around 100 jobs per year in a bid to cut costs and improve profits , its chief executive said on Saturday .
Philippine share prices closed 1.26 percent lower Friday on a sustained sell - down in blue chips led by Philippine Long Distance Telephone ( PLDT ) , dealers said .
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won her opening match at the three million - dollar WTA Tour Championships on Thursday , downing fellow Russian and US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 .
Robinson then sped down the left touchline to complete his hat - trick in the 49th minute and this time Paul converted .
" We are coming back after 1999 .
But the Foreign Office ( ministry ) warned Britons that the security situation in the West Bank and Gaza strip could deteriorate in the aftermath of Arafat 's death .
The vote was broken off for one hour of consultations .
The funeral is being held on the final Friday of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan and the day Muslims across the world celebrate al - Qods or Jerusalem Day .
Iraq - unrest - US - Mosul - security NASIRIYAH , Iraq : Iraqi security forces are massing in the northern city of Mosul and will make a move " in the next day or so " to restore order , Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said .
More than 1,300 Pakistanis deported by Oman have arrived in this port city in two days , officials said Thursday , raising to 33,000 the number of Pakistanis sent back for illegal entry into the sultanate in the past four years .
Mbeki is scheduled to meet Belgian and European Union officials in Brussels from Monday .
Defending champions Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman combined for a 10-under par 62 in better - ball format play here Saturday to match Steve Flesch and Justin Leonard for the Franklin Templeton Shootout lead .
Obasanjo , who holds the rotating presidency of the African Union , has invited several heads of state to the meeting in the Nigerian capital Abuja on Sunday , including Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo .
Three policemen and two communist insurgents were killed when guerrillas clashed with a police patrol in the southern Philippine island of Mindanao on Saturday , the military said .
US Education Secretary Rod Paige , the first black person to hold the top cabinet post , is expected to resign from President George W. Bush 's administration , US media reported Saturday .
We know at some stage we will get there . "
A British pilot has been seriously wounded and taken to a US military hospital in Baghdad after his helicopter was hit on Wednesday by small arms fire , Britain 's defence ministry said .
" Israel killed Yasser Arafat ... By killing Arafat today , Israel has killed the peace process .
New Zealand share prices closed 0.46 percent higher Fridday , with the market continuing its strong record run , dealers said .
June 12 , 1974 - PNC approves the principle of creating a state in " any part of Palestine which is liberated , " as a first step to establishing a state in all of Palestine .
Some 1.6 million of them have stayed inside Darfur after being forced out of their homes , while another 200,000 have sought refuge in neighbouring Chad , it added .
The only sour moment for Lampard was when referee Uriah Rennie booked him for diving in the penalty area in first half stoppage time .
Dutch police confirmed that they made two arrests Wednesday during a siege of a building where suspected terrorists had been holed up here , the state prosecutor 's office said .
She said she last spoke to Arafat by telephone on October 29 , the day he left Ramallah for a hospital outside Paris where he died .
Further talks between the government and the kidnappers continued on Thursday , according to a source close to the investigation .
Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said he discussed the issue with Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra during a meeting in Bangkok on Thursday , the Straits Times reported .
Rebels began skirmishes with Iraqi national guardsmen in the town centre on Tuesday afternoon , following a mortar attack on national guardsmen and US troops .
WEDNESDAY , NOVEMBER 10 -- US - led troops occupy most of Fallujah , tightening their grip on more than two - thirds of the city , as kidnappers pledge to kill three of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi 's kidnapped relatives unless the assault stops .
Two men detained in the Netherlands during a sweep against suspected Islamic radicals have links with a Moroccan held in Spain over last year 's Casablanca bombings , Spain 's interior ministry said Thursday .
" We said at the start that the result was never that important , it was about preparing ourselves for next week and preparing ourselves for no clearer as neither player impressed in the one and only Test lead - up game .
The visitors were then handed a golden opportunity to set up a nervy finish for the SPL leaders when they awarded a penalty on 74 minutes when Stanislav Varga hauled down Richard Hart in the box .
At least 12 people were killed and about 160 injured when a train derailed in the dark and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday , officials said .
Allawi has vowed to crush the rebellion ahead of elections planned for January , to provide greater security and wider participation in them , and sees the fight for Fallujah as key to achieving this goal .
In Berlin about 750 people , according to police estimates , most of them members of the Muslim community , demonstrated against Israeli policies on the occasion of Jerusalem Day .
SKorea - economy - jobless ) The opposition returns to parliament after a two - week - long walkout . (
The Tokyo District Court ruled Wednesday it was in line with the public interest to report on Nakata 's planned lawsuit but for reasons of his privacy there was no need to print the photo .
He said that while Arafat provided " indispensable leadership to a revolutionary movement " and played a key role in forging a peace agreement with Israel in 1993 , he was excluded from negotiations in recent years .
She later said she had " married a myth . "
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to be buried at his Muqataa headquarters in the West Bank around 4:00 pm ( 1400 GMT ) Friday , according to an official statement .
New York 's main crude oil contract surged Wednesday as traders fretted about the state of US energy stockpiles .
The new pro - US leadership in Georgia has had increasingly tense relations with Moscow as it seeks to reassert central authority over two separatist republics backed by Russia after bringing one defiant region to heel .
The UN said early Thursday that Annan early Thursday was " deeply moved " by Arafat 's death .
Japanese share prices rose 0.79 percent Friday morning propped by gains in the US stock markets and despite weaker - than - expected third - quarter gross domestic product ( GDP ) data for Japan , dealers said .
After the results were announced , Gross said the CSSD would consider abolishing the Senate in future .
Under the proposed new ruling , which will be put to the ICC Chief Executives ' Committee of the 10 Test - playing countries at its next meeting , here next February , almost all modern bowling actions would be legal .
By midday Saturday , air strikes and cannon fire could be heard as troops targeted a suspected rebel spot .
Kirwan , whose team are in confident mood after last week 's 51 - 6 win over Canada , believes the line - out will determine the outcome of Saturday 's sell - out match at the 10,000 capacity Flaminio stadium .
Malaysia began an amnesty programme for all illegal immigrants to return home during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan starting from October 29 .
" After putting much time and effort into making elaborate preparations , the job is almost done and the summit will go ahead smoothly as scheduled , " state press quoted Lieutenant General Soe Win as saying Monday .
" For nearly four decades , he expressed and symbolized in his person the national aspirations of the Palestinian people , " he added in a statement .
700 words 1630 GMT by Jennie Matthew Mideast - Arafat - Arabs - reax , lead CAIRO The Arab world urges the Palestinians to stand united after the loss of their historic leader Yasser Arafat and declares official periods of mourning , as praise starts to flow in .
The swathe of forest is reportedly part of a much larger concession granted in 2000 to the locally - owned company , which abandoned efforts to clear the site for a paper plantation after strong local opposition three years ago .
Japan 's Nenbutsushu sect has held the World Buddhist Summit every two years in a Buddhist nation .
After seizing the West Bank in the 1967 Middle East war , the Israeli army took over the compound until the Palestinian Authority was established in 1994 .
The judges ruled that he remained " a real threat " to national security after they had submissions from the security services .
Three apparently coordinated bomb attacks hit the neighbouring province of Narathiwat on Friday evening .
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qorei said a presidential election would be held by January 9 to choose a successor to Arafat , who died Thursday at the age of 75 .
Scotland have made five changes to the team beaten by Australia last week for Saturday 's clash with Japan , with coach Matt Williams wasting no time in recalling a host of English - based players .
Greece supports Turkey 's bid to join the European Union , but Ankara 's failure to recognise EU member Cyprus creates unwanted difficulties , Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis said here Saturday .
But not to be outdone , the 360-square - kilometre ( 145-square - mile ) Gaza Strip , which held a special place in Arafat 's heart since his triumphant return , is to stage the next best thing -- a mock funeral .
" Next week we 'll probably get a clearly picture of what 's going on . "
For many Namibians living in Windhoek , Nujoma 's legacy is undisputed and they will continue to look to him for leadership long after he has laid down the presidential reins in March next year .
Within hours , the handful of Palestinian supporters who had maintained a vigil outside the hospital swelled to a crowd of rael 's protests underlined the relationship .
At the same time , the US military , which spearheaded the six - day assault , argued that commanders on the ground had yet to declare the operation over .
Israel on Thursday imposed a major clampdown on the occupied territories after Yasser Arafat 's death due to fears of attacks as armed militants loyal to the veteran Palestinian leader vowed to avenge his passing .
Quang , 45 , was arrested on June 8 as a result of scuffles that broke out on March 2 between police and several Mennonites who had photographed undercover officers carrying out surveillance of his Ho Chi Minh City home .
Three years after the hardline Taliban militia were swept from power in Afghanistan , their fugitive one - eyed leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has again called on his countrymen to cast off American influence .
Gulf states gave a measured response to the death of Yasser Arafat Thursday with Kuwait , hostile to the veteran leader , remaining silent while hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in the region expressed their emotions .
" We wanted to see how the team performed today .
Norway 's Foreign Minister Jan Petersen has cut short his peace mission to Sri Lanka to attend the funeral of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , a spokeswoman said Thursday .
The visit , initially planned for August , was delayed after a suicide bombing in Israel .
Mauresmo continued the sizzling form that has seen her win two titles in the past two weeks , taking her total for the year to five , with four more runner - up finishes to boot .
" You can drive yourself crazy thinking about it , especially when Myskina and Dementieva play after me . "
The world champion Citroen rally team will face major motivational problems next season knowing that 2005 will mark the end of it 's involvement in the sport , team boss Guy Frequelin said Thursday .
Police had earlier said there had been only one blast , which caused some damage to the building .
According to details released by Egyptian government sources , Arafat 's coffin is due to be placed on a cannon carriage at around 10:00 am ( 0800 GMT ) and wheeled to the military compound 's mosque .
Liverpool 's Czech striker completed his hat - trick with a 90th minute penalty , his second of the afternoon .
Oil prices are still likely to soften in the coming months amid strong output from OPEC and adequate stocks of crude in key developed countries , the International Energy Agency said .
With US marines backed by Iraqi troops moving from building to building in Fallujah to free the dusty , devastated city of insurgents , a US officer said they expected to take command of the rebel bastion before the weekend .
Arafat and Rabin had come together at the White House to sign the first Oslo peace accord , put together after months of tough negotiations in the Norwegian capital .
In Wellington , the remains of an unknown soldier from New Zealand killed in France during WWI were returned Wednesday to an emotional Maori and military welcome .
The rights group Amnesty International on Thursday called on Haiti 's interim government to investigate allegations of police brutality , including claims of summary executions .
Mbeki was to meet with opposition leaders in Pretoria on Thursday .
Arafat , 75 , died at a French military hospital on Thursday of an undisclosed illness .
Fleming is recovering from a virus he picked up in the subcontinent and team management expect him to join the squad this weekend .
At a press conference late Wednesday the state prosecutor 's office announced that another five men had been arrested in the same investigation into a network of radical Muslims , bringing the total to seven arrests .
" Today there are permanent protective measures in place that did not exist before August 1 , " the department said in a statement .
Morocco said Thursday it plans to evacuate 245 of its nationals , mostly women and children , from Ivory Coast in the wake of the anti - foreigner mob violence which struck the economic capital Abidjan .
550 words moved lim - majority south within 24 hours , killing a Buddhist man and wounding 29 people , police said .
Speculation is mounting among currency traders that the yuan may soon be revalued .
So far this year at least 74 Montagnards have been resettled , 67 to the United States and seven to Sweden , but these include some who arrived prior to April .
According to the state statistics office Istat there were 258,000 marriages celebrated in 2003 as against 280,000 in 2000 , a drop of over 20,000 over the three year period .
The repeated violations of the ceasefire ( signed in April ) is what is encouraging us to speed up the deployment " of AU troops in Darfur , he said .
" Our forces have killed some 30 - 40 militants this week and destroyed several terrorists hide outs , " said South Waziristan field commander major general Niaz Khattak .
" We have n't got the okay for the team to enter the city but something should be done , " said Firdaws al - Ibadi , a spokeswoman for the relief agency , referring to the huge US - led military onslaught launched on Monday evening .
" I knew Arafat was a great showman and might try to kiss Rabin after the handshake .
The Steelers are level with Philadelphia and New England for the best record in the NFL as the second half of the season begins .
Baros struck a last - minute penalty as the seconds ticked away to earn all three points for Liverpool .
Soy is Brazil 's third - largest export to China , valued at 1.6 billion dollars in 2003 , while the protein - rich bean made up the biggest part of Argentina 's 2.72 billion dollars in exports to China last year .
The operation launched Friday was also aimed at hunting down former Guantanamo Bay detainee Abdullah Mahsud , who masterminded the kidnapping of two Chinese engineers last month .
The government brokered a peace deal in December 2001 but sporadic violence continued .
The Hong Kong - bound jumbo jet returned to Los Angeles International Airport shortly after take - off late Tuesday after witnesses saw one of its four engines on fire , said Nancy Castles of Los Angeles World Airports .
Bush , who was elected to a second term on November 2 , said he hoped to work with Mohammed VI to promote peace , prosperity and democracy in the region in the coming year .
The foreign ministry said two further aircraft , including a Boeing 747 , were due in Paris on Thursday evening , adding to the evacuation capacity provided on Wednesday when four planes were requisitioned .
There were big traffic jams in Srinagar , the largest city in India 's only Muslim - majority state , as vendors set up extra kiosks to cater to the shopping rush for Eid , which marks the end of the fasting month of Ramadan .
Zarqawi celebrated his 38th birthday in October with a 25-million - dollar US bounty on his head .
And underlying profit was up 19 percent at 5.53 billion euros in the nine months to September .
Elusive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has vowed in a rare statement to " liberate " Afghanistan from " American puppets " , a Pakistan - based news agency reported Saturday .
During the almost daily anti - Israeli attacks carried out by Fatah and other armed Palestinian groups , Nasser took advantage to rebuild his army and prepare for the October 1973 war that would be waged by his successor , Anwar Sadat .
Officials from the UN war crimes tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , based at The Hague , made no comment but Haradinaj said after the questioning that his cooperation with the tribunal was " completed " .
The German deputy finance minister , Caio Koch - Weser , sharply criticized the US administration in an interview made available Saturday for showering tax breaks on the wealthy and letting deficits get out of control while failing to improve the economy .
The Palestine Liberation Organisation 's top body is to meet at 8:00 am ( 0600 GMT ) to discuss arrangements for a smooth transition of power following Yasser Arafat 's death , a top official said Thursday .
Russian companies have made little progress in improving corporate governance in recent years due in part to a weak judiciary and instability in ownership rights aggravated by the Yukos affair , the ratings agency Standard and Poor 's said Thursday .
This has worked experimentally on stressed mice , and next year Arck hopes to try treating stressed pregnant women who have low levels of progesterone , the report says .
A huge explosion rocked the eastern side of Baghdad on Thursday as a massive plume of white smoke billowed over the area , AFP correspondents said .
Only hours after Arafat 's death , political bureau director Faruq Qaddumi was named to replace the veteran leader as the group 's head .
" We have had large builds in crude oil in the past weeks but not the anticipated build in ( refined ) products .
Smoking in enclosed public places will be banned in Scotland under legislation to be launched before Christmas , First Minister Jack McConnel said on Wednesday .
Japanese newspapers said Saturday the country 's distrust of China had grown due to the submarine 's intrusion .
Powell will return to Washington after the conference , according to his spokesman , Richard Boucher .
" It has generally been deteriorating steadily in recent years . "
" In terms of our progress as a unit , this is probably a little bit above when we beat Australia here two years ago .
The US ambassador to the Philippines , Francis Ricciardone , warned Manila last week against negotiating with the abductors , saying this would only encourage more kidnappings of Filipinos .
The Annual General Meeting of the NFA will take place in Port Harcourt from December 9 .
The airline said its board had decided to call an extraordinary general meeting to be held on December 15 or December 21 to decide on the previously announced capital increase of up to 1.2 billion euros .
Fit - again fast bowler Irfan Pathan has been included in India 's squad for the opening Test against South Africa , it was announced here on Saturday .
Across the Rhine region , festivities got underway in cities including Cologne , Bonn , Duesseldorf , Dortmund and Mainz at 11:11 am ( 1011 GMT ) on the 11th day of the 11th month .
In 2002 , more than 11 million children died from preventable illness before reaching their fifth birthday , while as many as 500,000 women perished during pregnancy or childbirth , the report said .
The barge image was reportedly previously used on plates for distinguished guests at an APEC ( Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ) forum in Bangkok last year .
Sixty - year - old food vendor Sompong Nookhao was killed Saturday in a blast at a market and seven injured , including a seven - month - old baby with shrapnel wounds , after a device was triggered during busy early morning shopping .
Veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the spearhead of an ultimately failed four - decade struggle for statehood , died on Thursday at the age of 75 , plunging the Middle East into a new era of uncertainty .
Morocco 's King Mohammed VI hailed Thursday Yasser Arafat 's tireless fight for a Palestinian state , as he expressed his sadness over the death of the Palestinian leader .
A 22-year - old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli forces in a village to the north of Hebron Thursday after troops opened fire at group of stone - throwing protesters , medical sources and witnesses said .
" You know , I did n't come here just to lose matches , " said a disappointed Zvonareva , who played five weeks in a row as she battled to book her berth in the elite season - ending tournament .
Toshi Yoshida has turned down an offer to remain as coach of the United States women 's national volleyball team and will instead return home to Japan , USA Volleyball announced here Thursday .
Former premier Mahmud Abbas was named as head of the Palestine Liberation Organisation and parliament speaker Rawhi Fattuh installed as caretaker head of the Palestinian Authority for 60 days .
Australian unemployment fell to a record low of 5.3 percent in October , prompting analysts to warn Thursday that the country 's powerhouse economic performance could increase pressure to hike interest rates early next year .
Before the mission was launched , US military officials had estimated that between 2,000 and 2,500 militants were in the city and prepared to fight .
He was shocked by the social openness that emerged in conservative Jordan with the arrival of tens of thousands of Palestinians who fled Kuwait after Iraq invaded the Gulf emirate in 1990 .
BEIJING : PEOPLE 'S DAILY " Hu Jintao meets with Portuguese Prime Minister Lopes " On the evening of Nov 10 , State President Hu Jintao met with Portuguese Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes in the northern Portuguese city of Porto .
On Friday , an AFP reporter said he saw truckloads of gunmen roam the streets while police either cowered in their stations or were shot .
Bottom - of - the - table Petro Atletico of Angola have a score to settle with Enugu in Luanda after a 4 - 0 thrashing in Nigeria while Kotoko are also on a revenge mission in Kumasi having lost 2 - 0 away to Hilal .
Oyewole then adjourned the trial to November 30 , 2004 .
French President Jacques Chirac led the tributes , calling Arafat " a man of courage and conviction who for 40 years incarnated the Palestinians ' fight for recognition of their national rights . "
Rebels battled for their lives in Fallujah as US troops closed in for the kill Thursday , while 10 people died in a Baghdad car bomb and two US helicopters were forced to land under a hail of bullets .
Eid al - Fitr , which marks the end of the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan , will be celebrated Sunday in the Himalayan region of Kashmir while Muslims in other parts of India will celebrate Monday .
" To want to be the best in the world you have to beat the best , " said Smith , who wins his 45th cap four years after making his debut against the same opposition .
Meehan , a sparring partner for Ruiz last year when he was training to fight Rahman for the WBA crown , lost a controversial split decision in September to Lamon Brewster for the lightly regarded World Boxing Organization crown .
Norwich manager Nigel Worthington told the club 's official website www.canaries.co.uk on Thursday : " It 's great news for everyone at the club . "
" Mr Arafat is gone and I can no longer see a country for me or for anyone else here , " said 41-year - old Sadeq Rajdan . "
Straw , who was due to fly off to Cairo later Thursday , said the world must work to implement the international " roadmap " for Middle East peace , involving co - existing Palestinian and Israeli states .
Paris Saint Germain maintained their dominance over Marseille here Wednesday with a come from behind 3 - 2 win in the French League Cup achieved with a little help from the hosts ' erratic defence .
Muni said the offer , ahead of Singh 's visit next week to Kashmir , was " critically timed . "
Von Pierer said sales were expected to show single - digit percentage growth or anywhere between one and nine percent , but that growth would be faster than the one percent recorded in the year to September 2004 .
The court was expected to hear closing statements Thursday .
Crude oil inventories rose 1.8 million barrels to 291.5 million in the week to November 5 , about average for this point of the season , the Energy Department said .
Robson , 71 , was sacked as Newcastle United 's manager last August and is a former England manager , while Frenchman Houllier , 57 , is also out of work since he was let go by Liverpool mid - year .
That 's kind of the way I operate as well at Sale , " explained the British and Irish Lion whose club , based just outside Manchester , were top of the table heading into this weekend 's round of Premiership matches .
Flights continued Thursday , with a Dutch military plane landing in Dakar and two chartered passenger planes expected later in Paris carrying a total of 850 passengers .
Two evacuation flights were scheduled to take off from Abidjan later in the day , taking 800 people to Paris .
Despite the situation Solberg , the jovial Norwegian star , turned on the pace on Saturday winning five of the 10 stages .
He is not feeling well and is not up to it ( sitting in courtntinue behind closed doors for the remainder of the day , " court clerk Ulrika Ihrefeld told reporters during a break .
The head of the Russian Orthodox Church , Moscow Patriarch Alexis II , extended his condolences to the Palestinian leadership , saying that Arafat " for decades led the fight to uphold the national interests of the Arab people of Palestine . "
Burundi is currently in a process of transition from an 11-year - old war fuelled by ethnic tensions to sustainable peace , and from a three - year interim government to permanent institutions headed by elected officials .
The sanctionable US products were not revealed , but Washington 's trading foes -- including Chile which has since dropped out -- have estimated that their sanctions would be worth up to 150 million dollars a year .
